what is a shoal
add grocery shopping to my to do list
what's the exchange rates
how is the news in ireland
what is the traffic situation at the bazaar highway
double cappuccino small please
i would like instructions on how to cook baked chicken
how much is starbuck's stock these days
please remove the doctor appointment in my calendar for february twelfth at nine am
tweet your waiting time sucks tag koc
can you please confirm what said.
dismiss my next event
download the latest folk songs having rating of four star or above and play all without shuffle
please increase the volume of the music hips don't lie
please delete next meeting with rajesh
notify me of the latest news on the stock market
lower the speakers
remove my dinner event for monday
wemo socket on
do not really care.
shut down the garage light and set the den light to orange please
decrease brightness of lights
remind me to meet joe for lunch tomorrow
how many pesos can i get for a dollar right now
slow the volume speaker
can i know what i on the list
turn on my son's room plug socket on off
how much did facebook stock increase last night
play rohan sharma podcast for me
abolish an item from list
make me a coffee please
decrease volume to very soft
please change the colour of the lights i'll tell you when to stop
do i have a meeting today
do i have any new emails from my dad
can you please play the next episode of food stuff
convert usa time in to indian time
play a party music list
turn on the robot vacuum
add a new email
define elaborate
play my favourite podcasts
would you check and confirm the question please.
hi google play me playlist wacky in my gaana application
what is happening in the world news
add rice on the list
on january twenty five set meeting for twelve
give me the name of all the shops in my area
how many bones does a human body have
tell me the name of the song
convert time zone to ist
when did pop it like it's hot come out
change the lights to blue
what music is currently playing
yeah perfect response to command.
it was amazing, olly.
how to cook yellow rice
can you make some coffee
buy me a train ticket
show me a list of places where my relatives have been based on their photos
that is enough, just cancel it.
turn off the light in the bathroom
give me the latest on paul ryan
find local shops
please play the song games by disturbed
new friends request details
please play the podcast from happypeoplecom
what the time difference from here to ottawa
how much is the us dollar worth in canada
give me a classical radio station
play me all jazz music
remove pepper from my grocery list
google i. b. m. stock prices
will you check what i said please.
what is piramid
look for a radio station called rhythm on the frequency one
that's helpful,.
what song is playing
are there any news regarding our president on facebook today
raise the volume of the speakers
look up animal and give me the definition
will you please shut off.
find me a train ticket for the next trip to washington dc
how long do i chill an icebo pie
i want a coffee
when is my train coming
tune to pandora
wouldn't bother.
Has john sent me any new emails
where is the closest restaurant
do i have new likes
add something to my list
play music
has anything happened to mass effect
put working out on my calendar for eight am every day this week
should i bring an umbrella today
what day is the meeting on
what is jeff's number
lower lights
remove dust with vacuum cleaner
the list contain what
please add tom to my contact list
stock price fb
keep me informed about bitcoin price
how old are kim kardashian's children
remove all upcoming events please
can you bright the lights please
darker lights please
hey email jan about our meeting
set an alarm for me at eight am
how much is one dollar in pounds
remove my shopping list
yeah fantastic response to the command.
how do you feel after hearing justin bieber's new album
how much is b. p. in u. s. d.
make a new list for me
what does pda mean
change my room lights to blue
what else do i have on the list
tell me about mary s.
erase spaghetti from list
can you see to it that the coffee maker is ready with my filter coffee in approximately ten minutes from now
please list the available rain trips to location a
find out what song this is and tell me the name
book the the next train ticket to chennai
what do i have to do today
find me a train ticket to boston
will you please check and confirm the last thing i said.
olly could you just cancel please.
how old is brad pitt
that is unimportant.
what is the song name
what music is playing now nine hundred and ninety nine fm
edit list
switch off the smart plug socket now
what is my email from steve about
send an email to john that i am on my way to home
set an alarm for nine am
let wendy's know i hate them
start radio play
are there any emails i haven't read yet
can you please tell me what i have on my list
cancel the plan of party
what is the temperature i am supposed to cook this lasagna at
increase lights please
play podcast for the philadelphia eagles content
remind me about calendar
when it is nine in the east what time is it in the west
can you do me a favor my eyes are feeling strained on these lights can you please change it to a cooler tone
can you show me the popular posts from facebook today
are there any accidents today
can i get a train ticket to chicago for next saturday around noon
start vacuum cleaner now
is there any program for tomorrow evening
send a confirmation email to sandy
what is amber stevens address it is in my contacts
look up a lamp
it's a bit dark increase lighting
turn it up
what is five over three
what does obsessed mean
what restaurants around here have good reviews
should i wear a hat today
do i have any emails from jessica
play my rap playlist
play the next episode of a podcast
can you change the light colors in the house
access recipe book please
start a new email to george brown
you've done that right.
put the radio on
can you please download my podcast file available in internet and play it once
delete my groceries list
start playing my song list
how much does stock cost in walmart
update me on stock price of this company stock
i have no idea regarding to what to select.
erase the chore list
what does apple of my eye mean
what is the stock price of nike today
make an alarm for four pm
i don't really mind to select any one.
can you speak quieter please
reduce the light power
tweet comcast and tell them that their service is down again
what is twelve times eight
book a ticket for me on a train to get to boston tomorrow what is available
can you please off the light
take it in hand
find a non stop train to seattle
remove the last item
open note pad
can this room have green light
will you confirm that please.
lower the speak volume
when is the next train to new york
turn down volume twenty percent
display address of john
after this song play atmosphere
send an email to my mum that i will visit her next weekend
olly will you shut down.
reduce volume
i want you to check what just said please.
ted talks
when is the next office meeting
make my lights blue
cancel list
how much snow has fallen in maine since yesterday
show me the answer for this problem two hundred and forty six plus six hundred and fifty four
what is the most convenient hour to catch a train to york on Saturday
turn on when plugged in else turn off
turn lights to green
how long do i roast chicken breasts
i need you to say that last information again but much louder
i want coffee
cleaning is good dust is so bad do now your magic clean my carpet
have i received any mentions on twitter
what's the answer to one plus one
could you please check the traffic to our home
good work, you have done well, olly.
tell me weather forecast
add event book club debbie's house wednesday night
what news updates are there from news express
what was the last thing my mom said
change light color to blue
select the item
turn the music lower
delete item
can to please clear my calendar of all events
near by grocery
set an alarm at six am tomorrow
please continue with the next podcast episode
check stock prices on this
did any emails come for me in the last five hours
Update my contacts with the new contact sam@gmail dot com
delete mike stein from contacts list
delete appointment at time
respond back to the mail
delete everything on my calendar for the next two weeks
current news cnn
i need to get going at eight am tomorrow set up an alarm thirty minutes before that
tell me the singer of this track
can you adjust the lighting for me to be brighter
largest animal
what is the traffic condition of florida
what is the current price of jindel stock
i would like the like in the kitchen to be a different color
confirm that my notification is set to remind me when i leave
i wouldn't know.
yeap correct response to the command.
please can you confirm the command.
please clear the list
put on the vacuum on now and clean the living room
go to setting
switch off the wemo plug socket
raise all the lights on
clear off the vet appointment tomorrow
dim my light
disable wemo socket
add email to contacts
show me what the ingredients are
is there a chili cookoff this weekend
what is twenty four times six
give me the list of the top five safest cars to buy
create new list
write a tweet telling macy's that they should be shutting down instead of jcpenney
how many emails do i have in the last fifteen minutes
what's trending on social media
book for me a train ticket to new york
what is the time difference between eastern and pacific time zones
convert five s. d. to rials
i would love the wemo socket to not be active right now
make a cup of coffee for me
have no idea regarding to which to choose.
move on to the next podcast episode
please start an email for my sister
what are my new contact emails
by remote sensor
yeah you did it exactly.
please run the vacuum cleaner
define flabbergasted
what is the weather in utah
please turn on my vacuum cleaner
send an email to emma
put dark colours instead of light ones in the house
what color is the sky
what is the traffic like today
tell me what's on my holiday list
skip to next episode
can you play beats one radio
hey read any email to me
currency converter please
switch off the light
yeah right.
reply to the latest email
turn up the volume on the music
please start the vacuum cleaner
book a train ticket on the five hundred and two in fifteen minutes
it's perfect.
i want to go to mcdo
shall we meet for today's party
cancel my meeting tomorrow
anything would be ok with me.
send a tweet
dim the lights in the hall
what am i listening to
turn lights blue
yeap you've gotten that correcly.
which film the music comes from what is the name of the music
play the seventh episode of the morning after
would you play some music please
send an email to my boss
open events this week
directions to mcdo
play r and b
set the event to recur on the first monday of the month
at what temperature should i bake cookies
send twitter to mattel that they need to stop making toys in china
is bills house number in my contacts
show the list that are available with numbers
email alice to let her know we are on the way
too loud
play neil sedaka
tell me about the latest sports news
thanks for the response, olly.
is it going to rain later
light colour for study room
how smooth is marble floor
use that email address as a contact
when is the school dance junction marked
this is a tweet for comcast if i have my internet and phone service from you and it goes out how can i contact you
do i need a jacket today
olly please stop.
what is the email sent by this contact read
let's hear ninety two point one
what's the address for alex
it is too bright in here dim the lights
what is the latest traffic report for miami
shut off my living room plug socket
turn coffee maker on
will I need a raincoat when I go to glasgow on sunday
email co worker about work project
can you book me a train ticket to bombay for tomorrow in any train
make a calendar entry for next saturday at ten am please
i like you confirm my last command please.
recommend a restaurant with medium expense
can you tell me the current traffic condition of my location
play a pop station on the radio
please say the following on facebook
calculate distance from boston to new york
olly that is enough, just stop it.
turn the security light off
tell me the artist name
i want to know the stocks of amazon
is there any grocery nearby
stock
when is dale's birthday
let's hear some indie rock okay
play jazz from jennifer's latest album
send an email to bill that i'm sorry i didn't realize he was so sick
are you solve my math
check for all emails from tom brady
lower volume
start spider
what will the weather be like on saturday
i dont want to carry an umbrella will we have rain today
tell me who send the email about the boss yesterday
please search for beginners guide to cooking
wonderful job, you have done well.
i want to tweet a complaint on apples phone issues
weather in home town
let me know if i get a new personal message from martha on facebook today
when the meeting start
please make me a cappuccino
invite people to the calendar event
repeat this list in random order
can you convert my time zone to the time zone i'm currently in
where is the nearest atm machine
send email to mom and tell her see her at disney world
send a tweet to national grid
check emails for last hour
will you please shut down.
wouldn't mind to select any one, olly.
can you set the alarm for one hundred and thirty
what is my next event
how do i get to starbucks
do not mind to choose any one.
turn on one oh seven point five
display recent email from john
whatever would be good to me, olly.
wouldn't really mind to choose any one, olly.
change the bedroom lights to green
hello i want to turn off my wemo plug
take me to the most popular post
what is the exchange rate between the dollar and the euro currently
what does triumph mean
speaker volume decrease
cancel my event on june nineteenth
olly just stop.
this event needs to be deleted
i need you to remove item s from my list
what is two times two
play football with me
play my preferred song
i want to read yahoo news
i'd like a cup of coffee please
reserve a ticket to go to destination by train
how many millilitres is two table spoons
what did apple stock close at yesterday
who covered the song one more cup of coffee
will you please turn off the smart plug
delete my meeting for one pm on march nineteenth
Show me news from cnn
yeah fantastic.
how old is clint eastwood
start vacuum
please find me the pe most recent news on
please give me all shop names in a two mile radius
can i get a train ticket to
how do i make meatloaf
turn on radio
yes you got answer correcly.
do i have any other contact phone number for alison
which was that coldplay song i listened to yesterday evening can you play it again
lower speaker volume
create an alarm for today at ten am
clean my house
let me know what maria has put on her facebook over the weekend
turn lights off in kitchen
answer is confirmed.
send me a wake up alert at seven am tomorrow morning
i like you confirm last thing said please.
please set my coffee machine to start at four pm time
what is six times sixty eight
olly shut down.
have i gotten any emails from mom lately
i have a complaint
give me best cooking ideas
area of north america
have i got new content in my twitter feed
what is amazon worth
would you please turn on the am radio
where is my meeting at nine am
what is the plan for tonight
start a match of chess
please dim the overhead lights
yeap the command was exact.
find me info on cars
do you want to play
play me the new podcast from npr
let us play millionaires
do you know how to cook risotto
fantastic response to command.
add the post office to my list of errands for Saturday
next episode of nyt podcast
increase the volume of the music to ninety
from where can i get a train ticket for athens
off mobile charger plug
what are the latest photos on my instagram account
let's do math
start my most recently played podcast
tell me what's happening on social media
what will the weather be next week
please clear out my calendar completely
i would like you cancel it.
what's the exchange rate between czk and euro
how is the traffic on third street
what is nine time ten
it was cool, thank you very much.
have i gotten any mail recently
start email
what is on my to do list
turn speaker volume down
send a tweet to tmobile for rude employees
if idle then turn off else turn on
delete item on list
fantastic job, you did well, olly.
what is available in your stock of lists
would you shut off please.
add ketchup to the list
how long should i cook chicken for
tell comcast i am still on hold
turn on the vacuum now
what is the title of the song
on Tuesday what is the weather supposed to be
start irobot
is it going to be cloudy in london during the weekend
is there any new mail for me
tell me what is next on my query
please delete this calendar event
please begin clash of clans
i'd love to hear any song that i've given five stars by serge gainsbourg
wake me at seven am
who's emailed me recently
i would not mind to select any one, olly.
send tweet to united airlines i'm angry you lost my bags
increase the volume so that i can hear it in other room
open calendar and make an event reminder
whatever would be ok to me.
what is jill's home phone number
what is the time difference between pacific and central
please play the song joy to the world
is there anything new on snapchat
show me the path of nearest railway station
change the opacity of the color
ah that is great one.
what is the answer to one times two
can you tell how many hours of difference are between boston and los angeles
how long should the drive to work take
tell me about the meetings over a period of time
hey olly make the lights a little dimmer
keep the socket in off condition
describe a romantic love
alert me at the time of the event
show me some food court nearest to my location
can you please create a list for me
start up the coffee machine
yes perfectly.
give me the opening stock price of infosys technologies today
skip to next
tweet @phohouse your server was rude #badpho
remove a list please
detail for stock price
please turn off the lights in patio
please start vacuum cleaner
want to wake up can you order a cappochino
please play for me elvis presley song again
tell me about the current weather
what is time of indianapolis express
whats the traffic like near ypsilanti
who sings the song that i am listening to right now
it's too dark here
mobile device explanation
how much is one plus one
annie could you please search the internet and play the videos for cooking italian food
would you check my last command.
tweet on the bad service
i want to play blackjack
please warm up coffee machine
switch to night light setting
switch on the wemo plug
change lighting colours
what is mom's email address
play next episode
how much is the dollar worth compared to the euro
please check and confirm detail.
could you open my list app and check for groceries please
how do i contact charles
what is the exchange rate between u. s. d. and inr
what's in my list of tasks
please empty my calendar
minimize the light power
i do not really mind for anything.
make sound louder
how many things do i have planned tonight
fantastic response to the command.
please check last thing said.
what is the name of this song
turn off the nearest light to me
how long does it take to get from here to chicago by train
can you please disregard the party that i will be going to this weekend on my calendar
what are some good restaurants near by
answer paul's email
turn_down speakers
i want to raise the light
schedule my meeting with my girlfriend lisa in the night today at nine pm
this is unimportant, olly.
prepare a new list
i would talk to you later on.
please describe about microwave
set meeting with joanna on Saturday four pm
i can't hear you
currency conversion of u. s. d. and eur
take note of today as my first date with bob
how's the weather today
i've got dollars for the month how much can i spend every day this month
set a reminder for twelve thirty meeting with the boss
post this on my facebook
what are the prices to get to chicago on a train book the cheapest one
change the lights to dim
fetch me the phone number of Alexander
tell me about rock
what is happening in the world right now
how much is twenty two usd in euros
please will you confirm command.
i want to turn on the robot vacuum cleaner
show todays reminders
volume up
read me new messages from name
scan the radio for howard stern
could you please check and confirm details.
book train ticket to ny
when is the next train leaving for austin
i like you to confirm question please.
that's all, just stop.
set an alarm for five minutes from now
remove cart list
where is the best place to buy party supplies in town
are there any construction areas on harvard
erase all events
delete the monthly recurring team meeting till june
get me a local restaurant
you should reply to the mail
please advise what the current news is on fox news
please delete the list
help me locate a shop that sells clothes for classy ladies
did you receive this person email
in jaipur traffic level is high
it's coffee time
what is the traffic like right now on telegraph
what is the latest on donald trump
this is unimportant with me, olly.
yeap you have got my instructions perfectly.
remove the santana music list
describe a fifty inch smart tv
how much is ten u. s. d. to cad
anything is okay with me.
yes exact.
did you get the detail correctly?
tell me why relationships are so hard
read out the list
list all the shops that are located in milan
remove the doctor's appointment i added to my calendar for february twelfth at nine am
whats the dow jones at today
can you tell me on tuesday to give jane a call
who is this
turn the volume down a little please
please add list of friends to invite for the party
what do i have scheduled for next week
replay my last played podcast
yes it was perfect.
can you please update me on the latest tweets from my feed
how many oscars does morgan freeman have
play all songs by martina mcbride
thanks for doing that.
wikipedia page about sean connery
show me the stock prices of target today
change the lights of the house to a blue hue
book a ticket to paris on eurostar at five pm this Friday
what is my eta to the office if i leave in thirty minutes
who sung this
lower battery consumption to save setting
how high is pikes peak
please send an email to john saying i'm on leave
what is the square root of forty two
describe a tomatillo
play the radio station
show me the previous episode
dim the lights in the living room
olly shuffle playlist
comcast sucks put that on their twitter account
set a reminder for john's birthday next week
turn on the wemo plug socket to connect my charger to it
open a reply message
talk quieter please
what is the definition of a probiotic
whats happening in football today
what is happening with brexit today
you have understood my instructions exactly.
send an email to my brother and say wedding anniversary
can you tell me what's on the schedule for tomorrow
i like you stop.
add every girl life by evelyn mayer to the must read list
set coffee to brew at seven am
what is my next reminder
play games
look for different recipes
read out my list for today
reply to the email received from mark
whats the weather now
do you hear songs of arrahman music
please add contact email johndoe@yahoo dot com to john doe's contact information
make a list of camera photos
what is hurricane
locate information on john smith about his work location
clear everything from the calendar
please delete all meeting after seven am
play what i am by edie brickel
turn cleaner robot on
is it going to rain today in san diego
inbox this mail
thank you very much, olly.
can you please turn off the light of my bed room
make my calendar empty
could you check and confirm detail please.
in the following week repeat this event at ten am every day
please find the radio station currently playing howard stern
will you shut down please.
train to athens how to
name the lists available
can you just cancel please.
send new email to jana dot litt at gmail dot com
write down meeting at seven pm
shall i change my car tyres to snow tyres soon
i want to clean my bedroom put the vacuum on and go to my room
you can send the email to abc@gmail dot com this is my new email address
please book train ticket to new york
play gta vice city game
clean the floor
increase the volume a bit
turn up radio volume
please turn off the lights in this room
how does merriam webster define ultra
how can we prepare biriyani
show me cooking websites
create a repeating event on mondays at seven pm
any one would be okay, olly.
myspace
skip this episode
where is the closest sweet frog
i need a train ticket to rome book ticket
exchange euro to dollar
please play trivial pursuit with me
Check outlook
make me a cup of coffee
book ticket to depart in the morning
have bing's stocks dropped
what's going on between three hundred and thirty and four
did trey sand any messages
reserve a train ticket for me today to des moines
shut off lights
what is the current traffic situation
fill me in on stock symbol
would you check and confirm question please.
please will you just cancel.
did you get what i just said correctly?
i need a place that will deliver pizza to me in benton ar
you got the command right.
please check all new email of income tax department
turn office lights off
can you turn off the smart socket
how is the traffic
well done, musch appreciated.
this is of no importance to me.
turn on living room radio
book a train ticket from baltimore maryland to new york new york
what are the results of the election
what will be the highest temperature in coming week
where is the best mechanic in eagle point
you've done the command right.
yes exact response.
show me all the emails received recently
will you cancel it.
turn off the lamps
set a reminder on fifteenth march as meeting
turn room light off
turn the speakers down to five percent
can you shut off please.
whatever is good.
set an alarm for five hundred and thirty
define organism
give me the details on elton john
dim the lights a bit
let's play a game of chess
would you shut down please.
can you book a train ticket for me under dollars
whats the weather like
tweet for me the complaint about drainage work
tweet my complaint to @consumer service
what's the pound to dollar exchange rate
turn off the bedroom lamp
tweet for me the complaint about drainage choke up
did you get what just said correctly?
get news from bbc
what bars are around me
new list please
what do i need to get done today
what does tacobell stand for
find jhonny's address
add dale@gmail dot com to my contacts
alarm five pm tuesday
i want to play fifa seventeen
can you raise the lights for me please
is it true the gym is seven miles away
where is mcdo
please cancel.
respond to graham and let him know that i will be free tomorrow
can you tell me the cheapest place to get ground beef
who is the singer of song
do i have anything planned for the twenty first
put a seven pm meeting time down for march fourteenth
what is elvis favorite ride
i appreciate it, it is great one, olly.
i want you just stop it.
latest news feed from facebook
please will you check and confirm what i just said.
define and describe an ultraviolet ray
tell me who the thirty second president is
please add sugar to my grocery list
turn off on wemo outlet
what is in a curry
the time difference between lagos and new york is what
i have no idea about what to do, olly.
lights off bathroom
what does the word labyrinth mean
can you please check and confirm what just said.
open gallery post video name
activate vacuum cleaner
please just cancel.
tell me when it is five pm
set a reminder alert for saturday nine am towards payment of electricity bill
that's useful, musch appreciated, olly.
make me coffee in five minutes
what were the cities affected by the earthquake
what's going around in the world these days
tell me the exact arrival time of train from newcastle to edinburgh
set alarm for six am tomorrow
on third april we will go to watch j llb movie set it
dim the lights to level two
what times do the trains run between here and the met
create a new list for school supplies
you are my star, thank you so much.
how do i get to brighton
what is the result of two by two
start words with friends
what is the time difference between new york and lagos
will you please play a podcast
olly i would like you just stop it.
make the speaker volume on maximum
remove the next event on my calendar
create a list for today's tasks
turn the vacuum on
yeap right.
book a train ticket from mumbai to goa
i want the coffee machine to make me coffee
does my calendar say i'm free on april one two thousand and seventeen
set reminder notification for three o'clock
turn on the coffee machine to make me some coffee
what is the dollar exchange rate
switch off light
add new items in the remainder list
object identifier
i need to know how to make stuffed peppers
list things on my list
remove vegetables from the list
temperature this hour
wouldn't really know, olly.
what is the current state of brexit negotiations
put alarm at five am
show me future events
unmute
play the electronic playlist
four divided by two equals two
how much is a g. b. p. in u. s. d.
book a train ticket to boston tomorrow
google stock price
where do people shop for clothes here
yes great response to the command.
look up the meaning of logic
please list shops within one miles from me
who is the better half of obama
show me the shortest route towards nearest train station
please lower the speaker volume
anything is ok to me.
can you turn off kitchen light for me
are there any new emails received after four o'clock today
set the volume to low
yes it's confirmed.
can you begin the brew
can you prepare a cheese sandwich
whatever is ok with me.
i need to change my house lights colour to blue
when is madonna's birthday
pick up dry cleaning tomorrow
remove grocery list please
please submit status to facebook
let me know the latest weather news
what is the price of stock for gm
did anyone message me on facebook
can you tell me the next scheduled event
will it be good to buy nike stock today
stock prices of rolls royce
show current track in music player
train ticket
alert me at three pm to goto the concert
what's next on the list
do a coffee for me please
refer the stock price of hdfc
can you lower the lights
tell how vegetable is cooked
can you please turn off my wemo plug
schedule a journey to las vegas by train
olly i want you just stop it.
how far is it from tokyo to dallas
what is the definition of forensic
add mop to hardware store list
will you check and confirm the instruction please.
add new email to contacts
how long to get to work
turn socket off
check and confirm the detail please.
tell me the date when this song was recorded
please tell me some international news
how do you subtract numbers
march fifth is john's birthday please place this on the calendar
please make the lights natural
turn off this light
more volume please
look up word
i want to hear yesterday's podcast from my favorite channel
olly that's enough, stop it.
which song is this one
reply to heather's latest email by answering no
delete all recurring staff meetings
whats the definition of indignation
set meeting with the ceo tomorrow
delete an first event of twenty third of march twenty seventeen
list all events and delete
turn on robot vacuum cleaner
it is great one, thank you.
please can you check that.
color the lights red
i can't see turn up the lights
send an email to my friend say birthday wishes
give me some recipes for sheperds pie
please make me some coffee
lower brightness of lights
please play help
what clothing shops are close to my current location
exchange rates between dollar and euro
eight am in manila is what in new york
check question.
bring up lights
yes affirmative.
did you get last thing said correctly?
is my friend rohit online on facebook
start the poker game
create a list of monthly groceries to be bought
can you tell me what an chaise is
how much indian rupees per u. s. d. today
turn on repeat
what are my available lists
on the plug
did bert write me today
make the lights pink
check in contacts
quieter
play true love next
schedule text messages for later
yeah you've got that perfectly.
mute your android phone when you arrive at work
find me the name of the artist of this music
find the list
you have done that correctly thanks.
delete from playlist my old english songs list
can you turn off the living room lights
get today's weather report
please add an item in my calendar
how high is the s n. p
i would not mind for any one.
book a train ticket to canada this evening
what is marketing
please increase the volume of the current song
tell me my lists
give me the latest updates
what is the weather next week
i need to set an alarm for next friday at noon
please make me a coffee
i would love a less bright up room
play music radio for me
get recipe for apple pie
that's cool,, olly.
the radio should play only on nine hundred and ninety nine fm
yes amazing response.
how old is tom hanks
reopen groceries and add milk
alarm set
let me know about the stock rate of a microsoft
send a request to martin
tell me about new emails
how is the stock going in general
podcast play
please turn off the lights in bedroom
can you find me a train ticket to montauk
search for nearby chinese restaurants
how much money in us would i need to have a thousand pesos
vacuum start
what the conversion rate from yen to us dollars
Lets play tic tac toe
how many people are following me on twitter now
send me notice of meeting wednesday nine am
tell me the email address for aunt ruth
please check the news on social media
what are the new rock radio stations
remove next meeting today in my calendar
give details of rock sand
how much is apple stock worth
make a new list of dog breeds
don't really care.
turn up
schedule a meeting with al on tuesday
you need to find an alternate route to my destination
what have i got going on between three and four pm today
i want the light switched off can you do it for me
that's good, thanks.
has john replied to my facebook post
send a mail to whom to talk
hey olly tell my today's top news
what's traffic likexchange on four hundred and forty one
where should i avoid this morning
please activate my coffee pot for me
i want the complete weather details of seventh march
am i gonna need rain boots
how much is ten dollars in euros
make a new list for school supplies
have no idea regarding to which to select, olly.
where can i use this word
dentist appointment today at nine am
write down that i am going to meet with jenny on the third okay
please erase the next birthday event
start the robot roomba
ten percentages of hundred
you are smart, olly.
can you set the living room lights to pink
give me the shopping list
play radio one
tell me when the hockey game tickets are for
list new emails
pull up the headlines please
let me know of any incoming emails for the last hour please
check my list
start a game and play with me
yo i need a coffee now
thank you so much for the information.
find me the latest podcast about president trump and his immigration ban
is there any new environmental news
thirteenth june is a day of election result please set it
what conducts heat better copper bottomed pots or cast iron
could you speak louder
can you change the colour to red
play music from good playlist
who's current music's author
would not care.
turn off the smart plug
order a train ticket to los angeles
what's on the grocery list
i need to play sims
is this program is scheduled
show me the current traffic nearby me
pull up kate's email and write that i will let her know
i need some more lights
repeat the song playing now
how far is parana river
where a good restaurant
White
text sarah if she is free for brunch today
was my meeting today rescheduled
what's the most popular story on my facebook newsfeed
what does h2o stand for
please send email to pawel with reminder
can you start fm eight hundred and ninety radio channel
do i have any calendar events this month
can you add up thirteen plus five plus nine for me
plays the podcast from the beginning
increase brightness in the room
please tell me how can I remove the item
tell me the exchange rate of rupee for dollar
check and confirm my last question please.
did i get an email from mike
start the radio now
i want you confirm that please.
play favorites listed in podcasts starting with first one
show the playlist
siri what is the definition of ziggurat
are there any status updates on cnn news facebook page
wake me at daybreak
will you please put something something@gmail dot com in my contacts
olly could you shut up please.
start robot vacuum cleaner
can cats eat fish
need a hot coffee
what's on my list
please find all name start with alphabetic of a and create a list
please change the volume low of the speakers
turn off the garage light
make coffee at three
what time is bina going live with her sale on facebook
where can i eat along route sixty six
where can i got to grab some drinks in west chester
do i have any get togethers this week
where can i go shopping in this area
great job, you have done well.
can you give me the train times to nyc
olly can you stop it.
instruct the coffee maker to make a filter coffee ready in ten minutes
how many dollars can i get for one yen
delete the list item about the meeting
how many emails have i got since yesterday
i need a cup of coffee
please look up local restaurants that are open now
is warren buffet is investing in my listed stocks
can you check and confirm detail please.
please remove march nineteenth's scheduled event
head lines today from news
take grocery buying off of the list
please sent this email to my friend
what list is available for my favorite music from ed sheeran
open the contact named john
what music do i usually like after work
what is twelve divided by four
tell me the exchange rate us versus indian rupees
how long should i cook a steak to be medium
how do i deglaze a pan
olly skip two songs
what is the subject and who is the sender of my last email
make the volume lower
add eggs to list
what is a cookie recipe
please turn off right side of light
cease operating lights
convert one pound to us dollar
what is on the list for today
how is the exchange rate for microsoft
delete call newspaper from my vacation list
check out my to do list
could you speak a little more softly
tell me about sean connery
add shopping to my to do list
can you play tic tac toe
what is my list
give me name and type of this music
please make me a cup of coffee
bring up twitter to target customer service
please send the email to abc@gmail dot com instead of xyz@gmail dot com
play for me jazz music
that's wonderful work, thank you.
start the coffee machine
what music is this
tell me the area code for jen k
can anyone tell me what's you guys discussing
i want to see the twitter handler of samsung
is today a sunscreen day
turn the left light off
it's useful,, olly.
how do you solve three two
switch on the lights
set an alarm for one pm
that is enough.
it is of no importance to me, olly.
could you please turn off the overhead light in the kitchen
can you add gloria to my list of clients
what are the climatic conditions in that area
do i have enough ingredients in my refrigerator
please lower the lights
show me podcasts
please turn off the light of the bathroom
please tell me the news
please place my new email address to the contact
dollar rate at present
please make ke a coffee
show shops around second street
turn off lights in my room
did apple stocks go up or down
do i need to wear sunscreen today
send tweet to wallmart
turn off the wemo socket in the kitchen
thanks, it's perfect, olly.
i have a meeting with al on march twenty first at ten
make a reservation for two at olive garden
where is yellowstone park
what time am i supposed to pick up john again
i want to hear the latest podcast episode of s town
what is the fastest way to get to starbucks
which route has less traffic today
please turn on repeat all
it is ten am in eastern standard time what time it is now it pacific standard time
give me the definition of school
how many contacts do i have in my phone book
add jim and jerry to event
i dont need light
where is a good wine bar near me
please would you shut up.
delete an item
i would like to listen to howard stern on ninety seven point nine fm
whats on your list right now
did i receive a message from kevin
thank you so much for the help, olly.
what's next song on my playlist
turn down the lights
is this song ed sheeran
get rid of mike stein from contacts list
you've gotten my instructions exactly.
do not mind to select any one.
play latest reason podcast
can we play twenty questions
what is the news about terrorist attack in afghanistan
what is traffic like
brightness ninety percent
stop repeating this song
are there any recent unread emails
how was the weather this week
play song aces high
show me today train time of kalka at jodhpur
put this on my list
turn up your volume
give me today's calendar events after six pm
could you shut up.
what's his number
siri find train tickets to nc
i want you just cancel it.
lights on
can you delete the dentist appointment
what is on my shopping list
yeap you've gotten the command correcly.
yes correct response.
is it currently raining
please purchase a train ticket for this weekend
turn the lights up
play for me the game candy crush
can you play back to december
please update me the traffic status
tell me about price of stock for innova
can you play the next episode please
set a reminder i need to wake up at five am every morning
dim the overhead lights a tad
do i have the contact of tara john
stock google find out
yeah you get it perfectly.
can i get a cup of coffee
i am ready to hear the next episode of podcast
please skip to the next song
Please play this game
set up each day an alarm at ten time for my meal
add erosser@hotmail dot com as a new contact for emily rosser
pull up my cnn app and read it to me
change the light color the red
can you find me a furniture store near me
thanks for reminding me.
automobiles
yeah great response to command.
remove the grocery list from my active lists
please put this playlist on shuffle
loudly
repeat the music
list all emails with subject contract
in delhi traffic level too high
send an email to rohit saying i am busy tomorrow
remove grocery list
what are john's contact details
can the lights be changed to green
this is unimportant for me.
olly that will be all.
you are awesome,.
arrange the list in alphabetical order that are available
please purchase me a train ticket to atlanta
read me new emails
prepare coffee
thank you so much for your helping.
did you get that correctly?
please give me detail of o zaalima song
how expensive is google stock
put the current song on repeat
i don't really mind.
could you list out the list of trains heading to chester the day after
what's happening today
definition for object name
remove the list of person starting from letter m in my contact list
update my contacts with the new contact sam@gmail dot com
yeah that's great.
name the artist who sang hotel california
reply email
i want to hear my favorite jazz music genre
i don't have enough money to buy the nintendo switch right now can you please remove it on my amazon wishlist
anything would be good.
am i free on sunday day
tell me the temperature in pheonix
what time is the evening meeting i have with john
make a call to
what does a grapefruit look like
i'd like you to check and confirm last thing said please.
what is on my to do list today
brew coffee at noon
could you please confirm the details.
how do i reach sarah
put shoes on my list
play radio
send reply to joe
set my coffee machine
what is a good rap album that came out this year
how big is the grand canyon
dim lights
who is the most frequently called person in my phone book
buy train ticket
send response i will be there
that is correct.
where can i find a good taco truck in los angles
i haven't checked my facebook yet are there any updates from my close friends
celeb news
show me train tickets
raise the volume to fifty
what time will i arrive in austin tx
is the balloon festival this weekend
i need to get up at ten tomorrow
what's the meaning of rumplestiltskin
did i receive any email in the past hour
can you get me a cup of coffee
today's closing price for google
what's my favorite music at the moment
prepare email for susan
help me make brownies
display exchange rate of euro to indian rupee
how do i cook meatballs
turn off all the lights in the living room and den
where is los angeles
just set me reminders about pending payment of children school fees
switch the smart plug socket
tell me the music that is playing
i need the exchange rate for the us dollar and the euro
are there any backups on route eighty today
what is my schedule for june fourteenth two thousand and seventeen
any recent emails
what are amd stock prices
access latest news
wake me up at this time
add five plus eighteen minus four please
set lights to full power
tweet a complaint to local municipality
initiate to operate robot vacuum cleaner
please change the house lights to blue
get me directions to meijer
can you please check command.
it was helpful, musch appreciated.
it is useful, thank you so much.
start a competitive crossword for us
add new email address
how often does the train arrive and depart from penn station
what is twenty percent of one hundred and twenty
check and confirm the instruction please.
did you get last thing i said correctly?
please book a train ticket from jodhpur to jaisalmer on sunday
please remove dinner date scheduled for this friday at nine pm
what is the weather going to be like on march twentieth two thousand and seventeen
can you tell me about expensive sushi restaurants in west philadelphia
post complaint about service a
what playlist is on shuffle
it doesn't matter for me.
what events are going to happen in my city between two four pm today
you rock, musch appreciated.
what does a baguette look like
notification regarding the new iphone release update
where should i go for mexican food in me area
does contact mona has an email as well
please email celine
i want to hear surfin usa
open fishdom game
could you turn the light off
check my social networks
play me a radio channel for trance music
remind me to eat when i get home
can i make back home without a traffic jam
it's perfect job, musch appreciated, olly.
yeap exact response to command.
can you turn on the wemo plug socket
how many grocery stores are located in my neighborhood
find nearest train station
play am
i would like to place a call to amazon customer service
call me for this meeting
rahul contact
what's coming up this week
my coffee is cold please make more coffee
when is the next septa train to philadelphia
what is the definition of session
oh it is nice one, olly.
reply to the mail with the following content hello you
hey olly chance the current light settings
press play on the radio
search for your favorite meal
you are my star, thank you so much, olly.
please clean my shopping list
do we have morgan's office's number
play for me the game star wars
how would the volkswagen golf car look like
can you turn up the lights
change light whenever i find myself in my house
turn lights off
directions to the target on I forty
what did the s n. p close out at
select the contact
tweet this tweet coffee was too hot and at this company costa coffee
resolve this thirty twelve
i want to hear tum hi ho next
dim the lights at the living room
convert eight am manila time to new york time
send an email to bob
i need to turn the lights down
please play red fm
can you open the reply inbox
please check my reminders
headlines from dhaka tribune
set alarm for reminder
when does the last train from work leave
i need to create a new to do list
can you take five and divide it by three
remove apple from list
what the highest likes on facebook
give me a geographic fact about vilnius
can you set an alarm for seven am
olly i like you just cancel.
music change
that was good one, thank you so much.
speak louder
when indianapolis express will reach indiana
do i have any new email
do i have anything planned for today
i want to hear this podcast
did anyone get engaged or give birth among my online friends
what's new on social media
please add the meeting with ms boland on wednesday eight hundred am to my calendar
turn down the speakers
what did happen today
play the previous podcast
please find the most popular store in the area
that is cool, thanks, olly.
i am no longer attending the wedding on the tenth so remove it from my calendar
how bad is traffic this morning
can you please make me a cup of black coffee
send tweet via message to cardinal cafe and tell them their customer service is outstanding
turn on the tv socket when i arrive home
customer service complaint tweet the following
are my contacts mostly female or male
open pandora play rock station
ah it's amazing.
what is a good way to make steak
tell me the exchange rate for the yen
does mary smith live on main street
you are hero, thank you very much.
how do you pan sear a porterhouse steak
please confirm the weather for the thirteenth of this month
get rid of tax list from nineteen ninety
remove all the reminders from the calendar
does not really matter with me.
play the next show on podcast
have i received any emails from my father
will you shut up.
what is the daily price of johnson and johnson stock
can you put this on facebook
do i need to wear a coat today
how many three are available in twenty seven
where is the nearest train to me
play green day
set alarm at five am
socket off
tweet to mcdonalds saying that i found a hair in their burger
tell me what is on my list
brighten the lamp next to the sofa
what is apple's current stock price
make a coffee please
define loquaciousness
would not really care, olly.
you have done your understanding correcly.
light color change
remind me of my twelve oclock meeting by eleven thirty
audio up
turn up the volume of my speakers
i want you check the last thing i said please.
it's helpful, thank you.
let's play global thermonuclear war
really i don't mind, olly.
i'm looking for some dress shows can you find clothing stores within one mile
that is unimportant to me, olly.
how many american dollars are in a euro
set an alarm for one hour from now
eliminate the list kickball but make sure the contacts remain
can you turn off wemo plug socket
read that list back to me please
shift the balcony light to off
email john smith
the lights are too bright
please turn off the smart socket
what's thirteen plus fourteen
could you check it.
meaning of word
turn on the wemo plug
add event baseball practice five pm tonight
play my favourite podcast
it's useful, thank you.
tweet at quote unquote
give me the reminders
cancel everything on my calendar
that's enough, just stop it.
get me the latest news of world
meaning of enthusiastic
what food is good
list new
delete all scheduled events
My weekly plan
answer the email
olly please read me today's news
please play forward episode in quantico
when is my next appointment with dr smith
play maroon five playlist
Please lower the volume
reminders
usa today headlines
trending social media
what kind of lists do i have saved
how many songs did michael jackson write
yes you've done your understanding correcly.
i have no idea for which to choose, olly.
what apple trading at
book next ny train ticket
do i need a light or heavy jacket today
add the new email to my contacts
olly i would like you just cancel it.
who has responded to my business within the last twenty four hours
would you shut up.
can you upload my latest selfie in my instagram
three times two equals six
what does the traffic look like headed to la
tweet error log to samsung
repeat alarm
hows many more reminders are left
start my playlist on i heart radio
anything is ok with me.
how many of my contacts live or work in detroit
is mary smith in my contacts list
add eggs to my grocery list
how many calories are in a one divided by of peanuts
when is the next lakers game
did you get it correctly?
can i have cup of coffee
that does not matter with me.
is it possible to drive now in ohio
what is the time at singapore when our time is five pm
get me train times to location from station
find me the recipe for a cake
please book train ticket from mumbai to sangli for tomorrow morning
set an alarm for next tuesdays meeting
what is the dollar price in inr
start making some coffee
the volume of the music playing now should be raised
reply back to this email
take lunch meeting off my calendar
what is the answer to dollars minus dollars
set a neighbor party for next week
subtract sixty from two hundred and forty four
tweet consumer service that the quantity is wrong
play howard stern on sirius
brighten light
i want to listen to rock
when was this song first recorded
what groups are listed in my contacts
what is the latest news about obamacare
hello my item which i bought from some one has gone out of order
what do you get when you multiply sixteen by nine
turn off the lights
it's exact.
please set alarm at five pm
let's play never have i ever
turn on hall lights
start creating a new list
please turn down the lights in the house
turn on the coffee pot
instagram
angry bird
start coffee at six am
i want to listen to a new podcast on healthcare
strongly agree.
turn wemo on
can you play call me by aretha franklin after this song is finished playing
what does two plus two equal
locate the email to giant eagle and put it into my contact list
delete all meetings for tomorrow
turn the lights on brighter
replay the musics
can you define this word
open radio frequency ninety nine point five
yes you have done it exactly.
put on the screen the lists i have available
erase that item from my list
i don't like this light please show me other options
what is my recent email activity
log a complaint about smart tv to sony customer service
please remove the first list
train tickets for two people from delhi to mumbai
info of rowan atkinson
can you turn off the lights
raise the volume of my music player by fifty percent
what temperature should a baked chicken be
remove the list called party time
what's traffic look like over the golden gate bridge
please tell me about the historic facts about india
tweet the current temperature
turn on the local radio
tell me who will win the next presidential election
could you confirm what i just said please.
who was the last person to email me
play musician play list
let's play some pong
how do you make pasta
make a coffee for me
can you start the coffee machine for me
could you play poker with me
what's going on in new york
cook some coffees
please play the next episode in the podcast
i want to figure out the stock on microsoft
compose a new email but i got a new address this time brandon at example dot com
make me a wake up alarm for eight forty five am
play snake with me
start new smart socket
am i going to need a jacket tomorrow
turn off the kitchen lights
yeah you got your understanding perfectly.
i'm looking for a casual restaurant for a dinner date
please let me know about topic elections
what's john's home phone number
give me more light
tell me the weather for new york city
would you please check the detail.
play real racing three game
get rid of peas
google search the topic
give me the morning news
show me the recipe of tandoori chicken
please delete list titled kickball
read me back whats on my shopping list
next week my uncle birthday
book a train ticket for friday april fourteenth for boston
coffee please
what is apple's stock price
read me new post on my feed
can you tell me how to cook chocolate chip cookies
tell them that their lines were too long
how is it outside today
turn all the lights off
what type of cheese do i need for my enchiladas
anyone for tennis
i need to buy a train ticket
i don't really mind for whatever.
i want coffee from the machine
do i have any new emails from dan
book a train ticket with a berth seat to lucknow for next week
can you check my last question.
what is twenty three times fifty two
road traffic
Is it going to be windy on Saturday in denver
play the bjork album i've heard the least
i wouldn't really care.
what time does the train arrive at edinburgh
can you please turn up the lights
two thumbs down @companyname
how far does my dollar go in japan
what part of the world is the safest
what is the time difference between california and michegan
what is the price for marvel
i need to get a ticket via train to orlando from hwood
solve the calculation
run the vacuum cleaner
bring up facebook and wish a happy birthday to the country usa
let's go through all pending reminders
how many pages long is harry potter
what are the traffic conditions on the one hundred and one
delete bread from shopping list
put the news on bbc
what's the song title
how to make chicken tikka
let's play nine ball against me adapt with my skill level always let me win
create a new to do list
get me the latest on current events going on in the world
update work out list with new items
start the podcast over that i started last night
i'd like you cancel it.
how does a cheetah look
don't mind.
instructions to make a meal
open up contacts and add email something@gmail dot com
i challenge you to a game
shut the lights off in my bedroom please
put sam@gmail dot com in my email contacts list
open fm
what's one divided by plus two divided by cup
tell me updates
can i have timing of keral express
open email
fresh list
what's the latest news on donald trump
hi olly please cancel all the programs for friday
that's enough, just cancel it.
back one episode
doesn't matter.
can you check to see if i have any recent email alerts
switch off the lights
change my music player volume to eighty percent
i want to know everything that breaks about the dam breaking in california
where is the nearest restaurant here
play next reason podcast
yeap excellent response to the command.
pull up lights control
turn on the tunes
play nine hundred and seventy one
can you shut up.
please set an alarm clock for my next meeting with the team at three pm next friday
how do i get to the grocery store
has the weather changed for wednesday at all
get the roomba to clean up
what new emails do i have form amie
tweet a complaint to amazon about late shipment
can you really see russia from alaska
play my morning playlist
play hip hop songs
one plus two equal
please keep tabs on how the presidential debates are going
olly please can you cancel.
please can you check and confirm the details.
olly would you shut up please.
could you please turn on the plug
give me train times from station to location
my new work schedule list
i want to have a new playlist of songs
can you recommend a cheap restaurant in this area
send a birthday email to my boss
delete all my calendar events
ticket for bombay
add a new email in my contacts from john
what is the cheapest ticket available next week for a round trip three day trip to iceland
set up a train ticket for next week Friday
add meet with dave at subway on weber on four april at five pm
i need to cancel my rsvp for dinner this evening can you remove it on my calendar as well
are the streets congested right now
what time will it be locally at nine am bangalore india time
what restaurants are open near me
please remove the grocery list from my set of lists
take me to tnagar
how cold is today
was there any articles on shark attacks on snapchat yesterday
could you check what just said.
let's have the radio on
please read the last email for me
whats the schedule for today
please send mom an email saying that i can make it next week
what is the capital of new hampshire
if it is noon in virginia what time is it in california
check my last post on instagram
change the overhead light to orange
tell comcast their customer service is slow
call vikki
please set the vacuum to start going now
please turn the lights off in the bathroom
enable cleaner robot
find gluten free bakery near me
any one is okay to me.
please clean my calendar
give me the headline news
who is singing this song
what's two plus two
play the kansas city hip hop station
do i have any off days this week
what was the latest post
robot do the whole house now
remind me to water my plants every tuesday thursday and saturday
yeah excellent.
any one is good to me.
put the playlist on shuffle
can you turn it up a little
just cancel.
thanks, that's fantastic job, olly.
put this on my facebook
turn my audio higher
play my play list
do i have a new email from sandy
remove soccer list from notes
i need to know where to get chicken wings in benton ar
yeah correct response to the command.
you have done it perfectly.
i would like to play tetris
please turn off the porch light
let me know about current traffic in carmen drive
has tom emailed me about ammunition
lower the brightness
i don't want to attend the dinner on march first any more so could you remove it from my agenda
read me the front page of the new york times
open radio
send this message to @microsoft on twitter
find me a description of morel mushrooms
yeah it's good.
delete all details in event
lower the overhead lights
what is the temperature today
excellent.
lower volume to half
i have a meeting tomorrow morning at ten please remind me
it was good job, i appreciate it, olly.
could you get me some coffee
i want you to check and confirm what last said please.
how long i can go to dundee
search earliest trains to brooklyn ny weekends and holidays
send email to newmail@gmail dot com
what is the current rate of euro to us dollars
lights to fifty percent
delete out item
check and tell me the address of my friend alex
play led zeppelin houses of the holy
what's my next events
change the lights in the house to green
change the light color to red
i want to listen to today's hits
play the breakfast club
where's the best and most affordable place to stay in san diego
start play fifa seventeen
nighttime mode
how many rivers are there in europe
tell me lexmark's current stock price
what does a soccer ball look like
cnn headlines
turn corner light on
please turn on the sean hannity show on am
do not really bother.
lower my music player volume by fifty percent of its current level
show me what lists are available
how much australian dollars one can buy for one pound sterling
did the yankees win last night
i'd like to continue to the next episode
remember to put carrots in there
you are awesome, thanks.
how many calories are in a serving of grapes
is everyone on my facebook list watching the game
yeah that was fantastic.
set my alarm for time
it's helpful, thank you very much.
could you please shut up.
what's the sum of the two numbers four and six
check the traffic to our home
turn the sound up
alarm for ten am
has mary posted anything to facebook today
make a new list
nine hundred and ninety nine fm is currently playing what music
turn the volume up on music player
wouldn't really bother.
cancel business meeting on wednesday
change the lights to my favorite color
could you please find me the latest news from a source that i do not usually go to
read me the last email from stefan and oil change
what's my stock fluctuations
give me low lighting in the kitchen
i want to see the news
add broccoli to my grocery list
google the word
send an email to my assistant clara to cancel all appointments for tomorrow
please make the smart socket turn off
you are helpful, appreciated.
please show me the list that i have
i like you to check and confirm what i said please.
please check the exchange rates of the us dollar vs the euro
are there any cooking classes nearby my area
dollar rate of philippiness peso
can the latest news be pulled up on the latest weather forecast for the week
did angelina jolie leave brad pitt
make the room blue
remove today's meeting at evening
please let me know the exchange rate between indian rupees and us
could you please check and confirm that.
play jack johnson playlist music
yes you've understood that right.
what song in the theme song for frasier
is adele going to go on tour
add toothpaste to my shopping list
delete that item
what lists are available
give the shortest route to the airport
get the cleaning on
can you brighten the lights for me
please change the lighting to blue
refresh my list and tell me whats on it
i like you cancel.
i would like the house lights to be pink
set an alarm for tomorrow morning at eight
let's roll the dice
raise the light
please search for this word
alter the color of the lights at home
give a last minute update on incoming emails please
what is a monitor
make sure bread is on my grocery list
where can i find this song
play what live
set event on recurring
i need to get up at seven am
dim the lights
when monet's exhibition takes place
tweet walmart and tell them their customer service is horrible
please open blokus game i would like to play with you
please turn off wemo socket
you have got that exactly.
do i have any new tweets
tell me about my upcoming week
what does snafu mean
fantastic job, you did well.
create an email that needs to go out to my family
amazing response to the command.
send will do thanks to john as a reply to his last message
please turn on all lights
no lights
directions to virginia beach va
hey send email to john
increase the volume to max please
who is the song writer
could you speak up
shut up.
please give me the traffic report for this afternoon
check the weather app to see if
call dad
tell me my music likes
please play the early franks sinatra stuff i have
what and who was i emailed about last week
is there anything new on reddit
please turn the lights brighter
event remove
send an email to john
yeap.
send a tweet to esurance to say i hate you
i need a drink
set alarm to begin
set my calendar for an alarm at five pm tuesday
turn the lights off to my room
have i gotten any emails lately
send email to gary
delete my next scheduled event please
play tonic
remind me to move so there is no weight gain
turn the lights down in the living room
remind me to have launch with boss today at one pm
delete that item from the list
go to the list and remove item
what are meeting scheduled for today
check any mail from amazon
open my calendar
play all by the beatles
how do i bake a potato
why do people use avocado seeds
how long do i need to cook a brisket for it to be medium
i want to make this week's shopping list
email mahmoud
play party songs
please we're the following alarm
olly shut down please.
i will need my filter coffee in ten minutes please ask the coffee maker accordingly
do i have a number for jerry
how do i braise a pork loin
please define forensic
tweet a complaint to apple about my iphone seven
check the details please.
what are i. b. m.'s stock prices
send an email to george brown
play the miami heat and warriors game
tweet complaint to sony consumer service
olly will you please shut down.
set the living room lights to fifty percent
show u. s. d. currency value of euro
i would want you to tweet for me at india consumer complaints forum regarding the late delivery of gas cylinder
what is the seattle city council doing about homelessness
find me news about trumps speech
raise the volume to sixty
please turn off the light of my son's room
what's the weather in toronto today
check currencies
remove all events from my calendar
what music genre do i play most
up the volume the sound is too low
could you please help me in listening to the radio
how much is dollar worth in persos
anything would be fine with me.
change the media room lights from purple to green
exchange u. s. d. to g. b. p.
add dan's email
is yemen closer to japan or india
please confirm my last question.
call raju phone number
if it's eight pm on the east coast what time is it in sacramento california
add an alarm for tomorrow morning at six am
include meeting in the list
i cant hear a thing
book a ticket for the ethan allen express to vermont
will you please check and confirm detail.
tell me when i need to leave the airport
are there any events on my calendar for this week
run game
turn on my alarm
i like red colour for my home change it
shuffle the current album of songs
i wouldn't really care, olly.
i want a train ticket from boston to new york
hey make the house lights a different color
i want to change the light colors
home town weather
has my stock increased in value
go to agha station
play the next episode of adele's podcast
i need the times for the south bound train on allison rd
make me a cooled coffee
where is a good place to eat cheap pakistani food
i need coffee
do not really mind for any one.
what is the closing price of apple today
show me the recipe for cookies
exchanges rates any problems
are there any traffic delays
don't really bother, olly.
book a ride from new york to orlando covering ten places to see
turn off the fan in the master bedroom
who sang the song that is currently playing
tweet consumer service that i am very disappointed with my recent interaction
activate the robot vacuum
who is singing that song on now
what music genre do i listen to the most
light is too much
make list
when it's ten pm here what time is it in brisbane
make me some coffee
start cleaning floors
tell me the details of the music playing
i need to put together a todo list for work
please would you just cancel it.
turn off shuffle
turn off light in bedroom
open this game
please set an alarm for tomorrows meeting at seven am
i want volume on my speakers
i want to hear chopin now
olly please will you shut off.
how many countries are in europe
are there any roadblocks
what is the exchange rate of u. s. d. to cdn
search for gluten free menus
will the temperature be higher than forty tomorrow
find easy recipe for corn bread
hey turn on disco lights in my apartment and let the party begin
tell me if an earthquake happens in the world
reduce the strength of the bedroom lights
if i have twenty dollars how many francs is that
lights dim
best ticket price air plane to chester on the twenty first
tweet terrible service
send email to mommy that i'll be going the party
what is the current exchange rate from u. s. d. to rupies
when does the closest bar close
is there traffic right now in maiden lane
tell me the trains from california to new jersey after eleven pm
turn on radio now
please check what said.
turn on the socket
turn down the brightness
buy me today train ticket to city leeds
yes you've understood my instructions exactly.
please contact michael m from my list with this text
can you define conservative politics
remind me at six thirty pm
remove this list from the others
play back the last message
what is the highest mountain in the world
play any country music station
that does not matter for me, olly.
increase the brightness of lights bedroom
did i add milk to the shopping list
google find and play florida georgia line the one with nelly
please let me know the time of train northern rail
set an alarm for five am
give me a current traffic report
turn the living rooms lights off
please remove this item from the list
what genre is this
start playing fm ninety six point five when it is one pm
hi what is the hot topic in facebook
what do i need to complete first from the list
if it's midnight in colorado what time is it in munich
is that the song from spectre
please turn off all the lights in the house
check my twitter notification
what defines a triangle
can you sync my calendar with mark
add a reminder for april twenty as my bro's birthday
please check my coming up events
please set an alarm at six am
is i. b. m. up today
create a new list please
shut off the lights in the kitchen
i couldn't hear you repeat that louder
where can i shop as a local tourist
how far is france from miami
please check last thing i said.
play radio ninety five point five
could you create a new list for me
i wish to go for cheap shopping is there any dollars shop nearby
show me tutorials on cooking food
what time can i call from pennsylvania and it will be business hours in australia
turn off the lamp in the living room
can you please change the time zone to us
please turn up the screen brightness all the way
delete my dinner tomorrow
open the profile of allen from my contact
turn shuffle on music player on
i do not really care.
just let me know about current traffic in carmen drive
social info
run coffee maker
have remainder of the program to listen
get me updates from kenny's facebook from the weekend
ask a restaurant in me area
add this email address to my contacts and send an email to
is there email id of john in the list
weather like
find new email
this room lights off
can you set an alarm for me
format data from calendar
switch off main light
start play spider
wine shop
open the weather app
change color
turn on some music
how about a game of snakes and ladders
down the volume
start a new shopping list
olly skip song
how do i get the answer to two plus two
erase calendar events
how far is walmart from here
yes it's excellent.
please start the coffee
increase the bright of the light
is chase doing good
can you remove my to do list
please order one train ticket to los angeles
play uno together
contacts please
tell me what lists i currently have
make an alarm to help me remember
how to make cheesecake
send email to david davis email address
where to buy cannon cameras
aib podcast on kashmirstart it
activate a one week notification before my anniversary please
i want to listen to the bob and tom show
bring up the grocery list and add
clear my activities list for today
what is my wife's email
all new mail
please turn bedroom lights off
please i want to hear we will rock you from queen
repeat this song when it ends
i want to hear radio head please
i can't hear you can you say it again louder
how many eggs should i put in my cake mixture
turn the volume down
can you please give me john's email
can you confirm it.
what is the remainder when five hundred and twenty one is divided by three
what is traffic to work now
delete my shopping list
i have no idea, olly.
play random radio station
what is the fastest route to town
which lists are present in the notes app
how are my stocks doing today
turn on the vacuum cleaner while i am gone
what is the us dollar and euro exchange rate
remove all the events of last month from the calendar
i don't bother.
all food items with the prefix dry should be taken away from the list
siri open twitter tweet @potus sucks
what's the best clothes store here
that is of no importance for me, olly.
what is one plus one
is it ok to lower the lights
please make a list of thing i have to shop tomorrow
please play the radio
make a coffee
want to play a game of trivia
search cost for amtrak luxury to los angeles
let's play a game of trivia
can we play a game of hangman
repeat the last song
please answer jean's email
update alarm
appreciated, that is great job.
who sings this song
minimize the lights
i want you cancel.
my mail
whatever will be fine.
any one would be fine for me.
let me know about upcoming events
what's the next thing on my list of appointments
yeap great response.
that would be all.
eight am manila time is what in eastern time
i would like to know the train timings to bournemouth tomorrow
tell me about the sports stadium
i would like you to check and confirm my last command please.
what are the big news stories on twitter
how much to buy stock in i. b. m.
i would like it to be able to find recipes i have
post i am happy to facebook
buy a train ticket to
remove john's birthday from the calendar
remove calendar events for this week
set alarm for nine am
hey play me a popular country song
start playing my most recent podcast
set my alarm for six am
show me my social media notifications
olly will you cancel please.
please will you shut off.
set notification from world news
anything is okay for me.
tweet verizon customer service
call sarah
did mom text me
book train ticket for this time
would you please check instruction.
change mountain standard to pacific
darken
make this a bit louder
tell me the news about jallikattu in tamil nadu
turn off the closet light
please tell em the list of trains to chicago via california
turn on the rice cooker socket
alarm ten am
how do you make cookies
make sure there is no events on my calendar
check for new emails
skip to the next podcast
that does not really matter, olly.
tell me items that are on my shopping list
how can i go from boston to new york by train
play npr on this station
yeap good response.
could you give me the exact rate for dow nifty futures
olly please could you cancel.
book me a train ticket to new york city on the third i don't care what time
tell about the origin of the word evolution
you are my hero, thank you so much, olly.
help me book a train ticket
make light color red
set an alarm for me for tomorrow at seven pm
play my game
is there any chances of rain this week
how much is one u. s. d. in inr
remove list of due payment of rajesh
Show geographic location of pyramids
can you change the living room lights to a softer color
please lower the lights a little bit
set an alarm for seven am
how long until we get to chicago
open contacts and find john smith
give me the definition of the word armor
play the urban radio station
would you please shut down.
who sings the song about a long black train
when is john's birthday
how can a cook risotto
please will you check and confirm my last instruction.
yes answer was confirmed.
when is shakira's birthday
give me the exchange rate between united states dollar and indian rupee
confirm a railway reservation ticket to california
what is the square root of one hundred and forty eight thousand five hundred and eighty seven
tell me what the product of eighteen and thirty one is
how many numbers are saved for alex
give me the idea of current traffic condition
add ashley to the wedding invite list
how do i go to athens by train
can you describe to me what a pineapple looks like
start up bejeweled
what is the weather for this week
please create a new list
what is the stock value of google
how much is twelve divided by four
where is a walking trail near me
start podcast mlb daily
disable smart socket
can you remove this item from the list
it should spices
turn on wfrn ninety nine point one
what's an easy recipe to cook for food
send email to joanne@aol dot com and add as new contact
turn my bedroom lights off
where is tuesday's morning meeting
change the lights to a different hue
is india win today cricket match
what is laptop
what do i need to make pot roast
can you remind me about my meeting tomorrow
i need the arrival time for new york train
can i get the definition to ambulance
play poker with me
yes agree.
what's the news in politics
wake me up at four am
provide what is there on the list
turn on pdr am
the meeting with justin and katrina has been changed put it on thursday
make curser adjustable position
any one would be good to me.
what is twelve plus one hundred and ninety six
map out a route from here to abita brew pub
save settings
hey what's a book
save this email in contact
best energy food for gym
increase the volume of the left speaker by ten
please turn the volume to the loudest setting
how about playing a game of guess the word i'm thinking of
prepare a cup of coffee
thanks for reminding me, olly.
can you please confirm last thing i said.
give me the train time
blot me all the phone calls planned for the morning of twenty three march
what is on my shopping list today
show me the information of friend
get me a coffee
what's my next appointment
go to next episode
off lights
show me latest notifications
remind me of this meeting soon
whats two hundred divided by five
read my list to me
awesome work, you've done well.
what is the birthday of hemingway
hey olly make sure my calendar is completely clear tomorrow
please can you check and confirm last thing i said.
would not bother, olly.
olly can you please shut off.
play a news radio station
Play best friends by yelawolf
check emails
is there anything new in my email folder
add new email to my contacts macs@gmail dot com
what will be the highest temperature this week
please speak up
the set alarm for nine pm on Thursday night
are there any new emails in outlook
vacuum living room
please check and confirm command.
i would not know, olly.
write a complaint to best buy
what times may i travel to location a
what lists do i have
i need to figure out this percentage
please play next episode
may i know what is trending in social media
what is the square root of four
list and play all theory podcasts under ten min
set the lights on blue
make me coffee at eight am
there is a pile of torn paper on the rug to suck up
other songs by this artist
will you check and confirm my last command.
skip to next nyt podcast
check my email messages
what going on
that is all, just stop.
can you search trump
find me the local npr station
switch light to lowest level in dining area
search for two tickets on tuesday's train to paris
would you please check it.
tell me the weather for this week
activate the wemo plug socket
what's happening in world news today
name the capital of nigeria
write an email recipient ray
please start the podcast
add a movie name to the wish list
this does not matter, olly.
how is the traffic now
send a replay email
go to email and send message to
power off the current
lower volume by fifty percent
is the train time to a location long
lower the volume
please update my grocery list with one gallon of two percent milk
i wouldn't bother.
exchange rates of inr and u. s. d.
olly can you please shut down.
how to cook this food
what's the name of this song
play the most recent podcast for this american life
count the number of food items on the list
look up news articles about trump
cooking recipe
deactive the socket
please check new email from andy
find apple on list and remove
lets play pinball
turn on spotify shuffle
how many dollars are in a pound
replay the required of the musics
i'm thinking of a number one to ten
it is unimportant to me.
i need you to have the volume louder
book a train ticket for me
increase the brightness of the light it is hard to see down here
how long should i cook a hamburger on each side
wouldn't mind.
how is the traffic on I twenty five
you are helpful, thanks.
please can you stop it.
what are the current stock prices for google
what is the definition of inchoate
go to the next episode in this podcast
erase my next event
what is now stock price of tata
send a text to alice
make the socket available for me
get rid of bananas on the list
can you please switch off the lights
save email id
lower the brightness of the lights
can you activate the vacuum to clean the house
yes that's correct.
am i available at five pm on sunday
cut off the bathroom lights
please read me my current lists
lets hear it from fm ninety six point five
exchange rates
delete the list
i want to hear purple haze
what is on the agenda for today
raise the lamp's light
play sam harris please
please check episode number thirty nine
what's still on the list
is there anything on my list today
please put all the lights
define what's a goalkeeper
what is the exchange rate of euro and dollar
fantastic response.
Play my favorite game by name naughty dog
yeah exactly.
please purchase a amtrak ticket from las vegas nevada to lakeland florida leaving on the first of april
switch from blue to yellow lights
can i have my list
remove item four
find the correct temperature for frying a whole turkey
does not really matter to me.
this is too bright
get coffee maker started for a fresh cup
what is the price of amd on the stock market
i need an alarm for sunday at eight am can you please set one for me
do a tournament with me in candy crush
please tell me the latest news about politics
what is clint eastwood doing these days
refresh the inbox and update about any unread mails
tweet that there was an insect in the chocolate packet
where can i get shawarma in this area
clap on
please play only sad song in music player
get me a train ticket to go to
how much time is a train to there
it's excellent, appreciated.
light off
any new facebook posts from amy
compose a new email to ray
how much traffic is there right now in bowery street
what is on my playlist
play radio mirchi for me
give me red lights
jane doe emails
yeap you have gotten the command perfectly.
what are the vietnamese restaurants in the area
assistant please turn the lights off
what is the timing of bagmati express
what is a stock price of tata
play tunes
send email to daddy i'll be going to the birthday party
make me happy juice
please tell me what is the stock price of dew in ny market
turn the lights off in the bedroom
change the lights to green
can you please make a coffee
ah it is excellent.
add a wrist watch to the shopping list
show me a spaghetti recipe
please tell me the latest news about the election scenario in our state
can you play rfi
how old is mary s.
play chess with me please
you have done command exactly.
make the living room light orange
set lights brightness higher
put my brother's birthday in my calendar for july fourth
yeap you've got your understanding right.
send mail to bubbles i want to meet her tomorrow at two pm in office
should i bring warm clothes
if i was in the eastern time zone what time would it be
i need a train ticket traveling to new york in may
please tell me the name of this band
give information about the traffic near my location please
how about a nice game of chess
on february fourteenth make dinner reservations at the restaurant
calculate a close integral of exponential function from zero to five
i want more light
tell me what a workhouse is
how many pounds would i get for dollars
given me the exchange rates between u. s. d. and inr
give me the winning numbers to the powerball lottery
whats my schedule today
it's too bright in here can you turn a light off
give me the opening stock price of acer computers
set alarm for this event reminder repeating for ten times
delete happy dance playlist
please can you confirm details.
what are the subject line and sender from today's email inbox
get train ticket
turn it to frequency nine hundred and ninety seven
how does it feel outside
exchange rate for converting ten dollar to euro
twelveth july is bola's birthday and my calendar to be updated with this date
please inform me of any new status updates
new reminder at three pm
whether it would be sunny in califonia
please make coffee
may i ask you to dim the lights
increase the light a little
play jumper by third eye blind
please update list with new item
you've gotten your understanding correcly.
where does joe joe live
please play james altucher's podcast
look up stock prices for my mutual funds and account
please lower music volume
describe a rotor
what do you use to make cookies
directions to sainsburys
please scan my social media and tell me what's happening
tweet a complaint
how do i steam rice
the music volume should increase to ninety
how much is indian rupee going against us dollar
delete my dr k appointment in march
book and pay for a train ticket to denver for saturday
please play program on xmtune
customer service complaint
could you get john's email address for me
make all the lights in the house orange
generate fresh list
schedule an alarm to wake me up after three hours
find grocery store with an organic section near me
please delete what i just typed
what is the email i got from my girlfriend
could you play you don't bring me flowers
add event to calendar
i would like to start a new list
you are so helpful, thank you so much.
what trending on twitter
is it anyone i knows birthday this month
will i need an umbrella today
find me the perfect girlfriend
what is sean connery's birthday
define swerving
latest reminder about meeting
please put bread on the grocery list
can you bring me a nice coffee
is it going to rain in the next few days in tucson
turn on smart socket in dining room
create an event gym day on monday and set it to repeat
lights off
time zone between india and us
it is very hot today is not it
remind me at five pm
what is the best shop restaurant around angel
would you cancel it please.
play the jazz station
i want the light to be switched off
can you delete all events from my calendar
i like you check and confirm last thing i said please.
that doesn't really matter to me.
send an email to jesse
i have ten us dollars how many canadian dollars do i have
what are the traffic conditions currently
power up the plug socket one
who's that song by
please give me directions to a park near me
turn off bedroom lights in ten seconds
let's play a game together
what did i put down already on the walmart list
delete all of my appointments with dr smith this week
set lights to twenty percent
you are hero, appreciated.
did dan send me any emails
increase volume by one
please raise the light i am not comfortable at this
play only particular singer songs
what will be the weather on monday this week
now playing
running train status to vienna
show number and contact email of rehan
olly please can you shut up.
hey olly play the radio
how is my commute
what is the age of britney spears
turn off the lights in the living room
you are my hero, appreciated.
I need the volume to be quieter
set generic calendar event for next saturday at ten am
shut off the lights
please turn off the lamp
give me the definition of the word fondle
please turn on my smart plug socket
make us a brew
who sings this
reduce the lights
convert eastern time to western time
i have no idea for which to choose.
light off living room
set an alarm at six am
that doesn't matter for me, olly.
play the serial podcast
clear list things to do this weekend
id like to get on the next train that will be departing indianapolis headed to chicago
please turn off my smart plug socket
this is unimportant.
are there any meetings set for next wednesday
remove eric name
what is the size of the united states
give me a company for playing football
will you just stop it please.
delete an last event reminder of twenty ninth of march twenty seventeen
wonderful response to command.
please delete the shopping list
please put me your input to know my schedule
where is the hottest desert located
i would like to hear some rap music
display volume strength on current track
open irctc application and go to book ticket
mobile shop
remove upcoming task
what is telekenesis
delete my meeting for tomorrow
how do i prepare all my food for cooking
what would you call this kind of music that we're listening to
can you tell me what list i have
tune into ninety nine point five fm
send an email to peter and ask him how is he now can i do something to help him
can you play monopoly with me
write complaint to wallmart
post to facebook I'm home
please send a complaint about my horrible experience with a company
notify me about the meetings over a period of some days
what is three plus four
please play clash of clans
please play some jazz music
play my video game news podcast starting where i left off
book me the cheapest train ticket to new york
what are the ingredients in macaroni and cheese
olly turn the volume up
book me a train ticket to barcelona please
set the music volume to ninety
how many contacts are there named john
what's the stock of apple
turn on the lights that are outdoors
we're out of paint so take bathroom painting off the list
hey play the songs from my playlist named good tunes
latest updates
forward to four twenty
show me the email of jack
book a train for me
please play my cricket game
play me a podcast
open lists remove list
let me know about the exchange rate of rupee to dirham
google can you book me a ticket on the train for tomorrow
may i know what is trending in facebook
play rummy
send report to consumer service
What's close by for dinner
tell me if i should use the train or bus to get across town today
define alarm
what is charles's email
show meaning of clarion
please go to next date
remind me off about my tomorrow meeting sharply at ten
find john smith from alabama
remind me to call my grandma this Sunday
play hurt by johnny cash next
hows twitter
times clapping sound times
olly please would you just stop it.
i want some coffee
please look up best recipes
transportation ticket booking train
would you please check and confirm what i last said.
please remove dallas from my travel itinerary
find easy recipe for almond milk
new list
show me some vegan restaurants close by
make me a capuccino
olly please just cancel.
turn on my robot vacuum cleaner now
can you turn the volume up
are there any new emails from robert jones
play me the bbc radio podcast
have no idea, olly.
which day this week do i have plans
hi please remind the next meeting with my boss it will be at eleven am next monday
i want to find some chinese food what is near me
tell me pizza restaurants close by
what time is twelve pm eastern time in pacific time
how many species of bees are there in the united states
how many likes did i get today
google what is the temperature outside
hips dont lie thats the song i would like you to play for me
appreciate your helping, olly.
i would not mind to select any one.
tell me the exchange rate of ten dollar to euro
get command exactly.
hey play my favourite podcast from list
julie's information
remove a list of accessories purchase last week
adjust the light
will it rain in the noon
i want to start a new list
what is trending in tech today
set alarm for twelve weeks from today at eight am
olly could you stop.
check and confirm the instruction.
find a shop that sells beer
i would like you just stop it.
alert me at five hours
read new messages from my wife
for how many years was abraham lincoln president of united states
please switch off the light
how heavy is the traffic on the i fifteen in las vegas this hour
play flappy bird
how do i make tuna casserole from scratch
show me the events in my work calendar for next week
please give me detail one dollars equals rs
remove noodles from the list
please cancel my next hair cut
compare the stock prices for nintendo and sony and tell me which ones are better
give me the exchange rate between japanese yen and the australian dollar
i want to play a game
what does rice wine go with
if switch is on then turn on else turn off
could you please lower the tone
i need to add this new contact for sam smith ssmith@yahoo dot com
how would you describe the internet
what about the new york city traffic
what is the time difference between india and ivory coast
how much has hp stock gone up
send an email for me
a little brighter thanks
remember to remind me about client meet at four pm
what are the lyrics to this song playing
i'd like to send a reply
show me how to cook a recipe
send an email to dad about the weather for the week
olly will you stop it.
fantastic work, you've done well.
i would like to hear heathens by twenty one pilots
color of light should be dimmed bright
where is the shopping mall for shirts
get rid of a list
put the last song on repeat
please turn on my robot vacuum cleaner
activate the roomba
i want you to remove the item from the list
erase my appointment for march seven
start poker game with me
please turn on the wemo plug socket
book me a train ticket to newcastle
delete all events and content from my calendar
is the traffic smooth right now
will it be rainy tomorrow
how would you describe the sun
email hwu@gmail dot com add to email contacts
can you turn off one of my lights in my bathroom
hey what is the definition of recipe
show me the train schedules to the metropolitan opera house
can you play the next podcast
find ny train time
yeap you've got command correcly.
set an eight hundred am alarm for next tuesday
it is useful, thank you.
low the volume
play the latest song adele
what is the exchange rate between money i'm the united states and switzerland
yeap fantastic response to command.
tell me what's going on with facebook
i need to hear sound on my speakers
what is the latest from my feed
show me the dim colour
when the birthday will be
can you book a train ticket for my mother
how big is the tower of london
run the robot vacuum cleaner
save new email addresses to my contacts
radio play nine hundred and eighty nine please
can you delete the not so important events
start the coffee machine at three
add butter to the list
bring up a complaint form
olly i'd like you just cancel it.
what is the current value of yen in american money
where is the closest mexican restaurant
wouldn't really mind for whatever.
how much is a round trip train ticket to go to new york
i'd like you check my last question please.
where is the closest train depot
can you get me a train ticket to nyc
people canceling iowa vacations over congressman's words
Speak louder please
find me the smallest coffee shop in new orleans
lets play tic tac toe
would you please confirm the instruction.
reduce brightness
what's leon's email
please turn my speakers on google
length of traffic
what is level of traffic at washington
i'd like to play monopoly
which contact haven't i called in twelve months
can you get me news from ny times
do i have any openings on my schedule for tomorrow
show me my lists
change color of the light to red outside the house
which stock markets have lowered in the past three hours
remove books from list
repurchase last train ticket to phillyx
yeap you have done answer exactly.
delete the next event in the calendar
delete the shopping list
would not mind to select any one, olly.
can you set a reminder for wednesday at one pm for my meeting
add item
bring the lights down a bit
how is a typhoon defined
reset my locations list
that is of no importance for me.
send mail to mom i am planning vacations with her next week
do i have any appointments coming up
can you delete the doctors appointment i had Tuesday
where can i shop around here
find me the oldest hotel in washington dc
what's on my todo list
could you please check that.
what is apple's stock
my friend john has sent me a invitation card to his newly bought home say thanks to him in his mail id
brighten the lights in living room
how do i cook rice
turn bedroom lights off
could you please tell me the meaning for the item laptop
how do i subtract four from two
you are star, thank you so much.
is there any train plying from pune to mumbai tonight
where i can find a bakery
buy me a ticket to take the train to atlanta
clear all data from calendar
plan a meeting in office with all employees tomorrow morning at eight
can you turn my bedroom lights off
start a pot of coffee please
change lights
I'll take my coffee, black
which currency is greater the us dollar or yen
send email to marissa
book me a train ticket in any train to bombay for tomorrow
check if there any new email
please play football with me
any new email since last time
can you please check what i last said.
can you play acoustic music with no commercials
can you set the vacuum to start cleaning at ten am time
start the podcast i was last listening to
open temple run game
cancel meeting at three
can you please turn off the lights in this room
did you get the instruction correctly?
latest news on traffic at my current location
which is the nearest restaurants available
set the alarm to seven am for work
how is traffic
cancel my birthday party
please reply to my boss most recent email and say that the ppt will be ready in one hour maximum
play last reason podcast
repeat song number ten from main list
set a notification for june fifth every year
by main power off
remove lunch with co workers on thursday
which bank will give better rate for currencies i have
how hot are summers in gibraltar
desk lamp one off
make me a cup of coffee with salted carmel flavored cream
perfect response to command.
please retweet this post on twitter
what is the stock information of walmart
reach by mail to my family
rewind button
set a meeting with tom tomorrow at seven pm
is there a train from philadelphia to new york city at noon
tell me what the word organism means
pull up all emails sent to me from amazon
start the robot vacuum cleaner
i want to cook pasta in american style show me how
i want you to confirm what i last said please.
delete list blank
on the radio it is time for good music
list of the nearby restaurant
grocery list add eggs
when was the song playing now released
is the birthday event on fifteenth of this month true
delete the list created yesterday
that doesn't really matter.
please reply to my colleagues mail about his query
yes the command is confirmed.
is there any events planned for the next three months
buy a train ticket from lakeland florida to new york
anything interesting happening next friday
look up the exchange rate between dollars and bitcoin
please set the brightness of lightness appropriately in kitchen
where is a nearby park where i can go running
how is the traffic on harvard
what day is this event scheduled for
what are the chances of the stock market closing below the two hundred moving average in the next fourteen days
open chess app and begin game
start a vacuum cleaner
what are they saying about donald trump on this topic
set alarm at ten am
remind me on fifth march of every year to arrange wedding anniversary presents
how hot is it in miami
calculate two multiplied by two
please lower the shuffle rate of hips don't lie
can you tell me what haggis looks like
switch off the plug point
set alarm for eight am
make the lights in the house red
olly will you stop.
did you get my last command correctly?
please turn the music volume up
read available lists
info on lisa ann please
tell me if anything important is happening on social media today
how many new emails since i last checked
when is the next train to glasgow from aberdeen
house can you make all the lights in the house blue
how far is the distance to rccg ikoyi lagos from here by train
tell me about it
siri what does obstacle mean
i'd like you just stop.
turn on alarm thirty minutes before liverpool started to play
what song is playing right now
the current news
prepare coffee now
i want to see the previous episode
how is it outside
switch off wemo
please will you check last thing said.
what will be the weather update for monday noon
increase the intensity of the lighting in the room
display stock price for lexmark international
yeap you've understood my instructions perfectly.
who's playing this
play the radio music band
raise the brightness of the lights
remind me to go grocery shopping today
volume louder please
what is the news today
where are italian restaurants in me area
dim the garden light by half
i need the lights raised can you do that
get me latest updates from facebook
please create a new list for me
tweet freedom pop customer service i am dissatisfied
set the alarm in my calendar events before five mins
make it brighter in here please
olly that would be all.
give me some cafes near downtown fort lauderdale
go to beginning of previous episode
scan my inbox for any new emails from robert
that is cool, musch appreciated.
who wrote the song that is playing
what does the list contain
please turn down the lights in the living room
what country has the most population
how old is kim kardashian
i have to go to a meting on friday at noon can you remind me
i need to leave on the five pm train to rockville
yeah it's confirmed.
do i need to carry umbrella for evening
please add dan's email to my contacts
can you tweet lif about their app crashing
tell me about mary s. in my contacts
what is the current song called
please read my facebook feed
anything new on insta
tell the latest news about the trump
what is the total number of oceans in the world
can i have stock rate list of ola and uber
write email to family member and read it back
check someone's recent emails
please start the vacuum
what is happening in the world today
doesn't matter with me, olly.
what song do i play most
how much is the dollar verus the pound
show me my contacts
what posts have i missed from my friends
how would you define a car
search the item
is it going to be cloudy or sunny today in bangalore
could you turn off light
brew some coffee
appreciated, olly.
cancel.
post a new status on facebook saying that i am enjoying the nice weather
clear my day on the twenty ninth
u. s. d. to g. b. p.
what country was einstein from
change lights from red to blue
turn off lights in bedroom
get the duet game
find my next event and delete it please
turn off the light
turn on plug
please let me know when is sam's birthday
did i get an email from sarah
would you shut off.
please send a voice mail to mr richard office about meting him on first of february twenty seventeen at five pm
are any of my new emails from amy
tweet to ikea costumer service the following i'm not happy with this new klm product
please skip two songs
by ten to eleven am daily start my vacuum cleaner
whatever is good with me, olly.
how much is us dollar against rupee
show me my reminders
run vacuum cleaner
send a snotty tweet to bbc
display nearby places
when was Dolly parton born
is jimmie's party on friday cancelled
play hoizer radio station from my pandora app
make my iroomba clean the living room
add a five am alarm in place of my nine pm alarm
open minestart game from previous played level
is there a contact named allen in my list
give me details of my twitter handle profile including the total number of followers
shuffle this playlist
open a new list for me
play football match for myself now
and the light began
how would you describe a tennis ball
how is this weeks weather
light off now
hey olly my the lights a little warmer
accident or normal traffic
set an alarm for thursday at seven pm
i need to know current weather in new york city
what is twenty four times twenty four
please run this game
this does not matter to me, olly.
change the color of the lights
could you speak more softly
check last thing i said please.
open contacts and call john smith
fast road to get home
give me instructions on how to cook chicken
what events are scheduled this week
add lunch appointment with lisa to january second at twelve thirty pm
add a new email contact to my list
you are so smart.
could you please create a pandora channel for adele
make it brighter
change my house lights colour to blue
please find the recipe for meatballs
yeah you did the command correcly.
turn on the wemo
i want to know how to make a chicken in the oven
can we please lower the lights
you've done the command correcly.
remove events from my list
where can i get organic wheat
let's play space invaders
i don't need the shopping list delete it
what do i have scheduled on july seventh
open stock price for name
show me my events
how many countries are in the european union
increase the volume to fifty
play pong against me
what is the stock price of hdfc
play song over the rainbow
perfect work, you've done well, olly.
i would not mind for any one, olly.
yeap correcly.
remove all the events on my calendar
what genre of music is in my music folder
shuffle music
remind me about the meeting
hoover the carpets around
write a tweet to this company
what does i seventy five look like
train ticket please
hurriedly activates my robot vacuum cleaner
delete every event
raise lights
when is sunset
adjust the light option
turn wemo plug socket on
what is the square root of thirty six
please open my contact list
did i put toothpaste on my pick up list
what is the value of apple
please change light color to purple
take out event from calendar
find jazz music on my playlist
play lady by kenny roger
is it a soft evening tonight
when is the doctor's appointment
my new health check up new list
that does not really matter with me, olly.
what can i cook with broccoli and chicken
change light color
what is the time difference between here and japan
let's play chess
what is new news for today
do i have any new friend requests
i want to turn on the blue lights
let's play a game of truth or dare
please talk softer
set colour blue for all lights of my house
is there anything i need to be aware of
it was nice one, thanks.
what is the temperature
what will the weather be like this week
show me the posts of my friends in the last hour
book me a train ticket for saturday
read email
how is traffic on the highway
is there any traffic right now
send a tweet to kroger about spoiled milk
tell me what's new
remove item from list
i don't really mind for anything.
you are awesome, i appreciate it.
tell me what is song is playing now
you are star, thank you.
what shops are near me
please turn off only right side light
please open snooker game i would like to play with you
is the meeting scheduled for tomorrow
set an alarm for eight pm
i wouldn't bother, olly.
stop after current song
send an email to with the subject as test and no content
repeat reminder for my schedule for christmas
tell chris i will be late through email
yeap good.
i need to set up a meeting with the ceo tomorrow
raise the lights
please let me know what's happening to my social media
is there any stopped traffic on route eighty today
i want to email my supervisor
dea guam prescription drug abuse on the rise
i want some coffee now
start podcast from my favorites list
play mindsweeper with me
it's good one, appreciated.
where is the nearest italian restaurant
is it colder than yesterday
does not matter, olly.
can i see my work lists
turn up the speakers
please can you confirm last thing said.
would you like to play a game
raise the volume of the speakers to fifty five percent
yeap you've understood it correcly.
don't let me forget i have a parent teacher conference this monday at four hundred pm
current weather forecast
olly could you shut off.
get recipe for making a hotdog
give me the definition of carion
weather report of the week
turn on my plug
make vacuum cleaner start
turn off the fan
yes fantastic response.
what is us dollar today
yeah you get command exactly.
remove the second row from the list
please send a reminder email to peter and ask him how long he will be taking to prepare the presentation ppt
yes strongly agree.
where does fred work
i want to know what song has the phrase stairway to heaven in it
search schedules for this week
who wrote the song i just wanna dance with you
let me hear my list
start vacuuming
what is the stock price of amazon
find my wife
what is the us dollar equivalent of one euro
how many lists do i have
start bbc radio
divide two hundred by four
play previous episode
change light colors
nice job, you have done well, olly.
find out the the train arrival time and book me
can you start the vacuum
change the color of the lights in my house from white to yellow
how many eggs are on my grocery list
help me start my kitchen list
play some boy band music
send an email to adele
down
delete my next meeting
do i have any meetings on friday's afternoon
give me the list of all events coming up in the next month and set notifications for all of them
has derek logged into facebook today
play the radio
put pencil on a new grocery list
delete all events for the next five days
buy a train ticket for one week from now from new york to las vegas nevada
lower all volume on speakers please
is anyone likes my latest photo
what is the plot of the most recent will smith movie
tweet the president and tell him he's doing a horrible job
that is unimportant, olly.
clean my entire calendar
what the sexiest food to cook on a date
what music is playing right now
start cleaning robot cleaner
why did bob dylan earn a nobel peace prize
make a list of numbers for me
how is the traffic from home to work
my party list
how many pounds do sixty kg make
please clear my calendar
what is traffic like right now
it's fantastic, musch appreciated.
look for train tickets to edinburgh tomorrow
please don't shuffle songs in music player just playing continuously
i would not bother.
what would be the exchange rate of currency in japan
change the time zone from irish time zone to moscow time zone
tell me about current status of sunderland vs liverpool match
i'd like you to shut off my smart plug socket now please
well done,.
play my favorite radio station
add a new email address which is
chane light colour to green
please tell me the name of this song that is currently playing
select and play only christian rock from one thousand nine hundred and ninety upwards
is it going to rain in seattle today
what degree is it outside
color change of lights
by switch off
can you make the lights go out
this is unimportant to me.
more lights please
what music is being played right now
secure train passage for me on july three
what's the recipe for fried chicken
stock price for gss energy
make coffee at six am
hey can you make it blue in here
it doesn't really matter, olly.
you have done it right musch appreciated, olly.
what is the root of six hundred and twenty five
change my room lights so that i can get a good sleep
play purple haze
what are the most recent headlines on cnn
move buying eggs item to trash from to do list
would you check the details please.
that's all, cancel it.
give me some bowie
play podcast one
tell me about medieval war engines
new exchange rate
tweet a disgusted face about mcdonalds
did i email tom on the subject of gun control
open derek's contact information
all lights has to be turned off during the day
add this person's email
what's the latest in my social media
please send an email to mom
can you play my favorite music
what trips are available from new york city to poughkeepsie
what are the upcoming reminders
how to get somewhere
play the last radio channel
delete my to do's for this week
what is the current weather conditions in chicago illinois
what is fifty five minus two
make the room light blue
Switch off the smart socket
yeap it was correct.
read the list
what's going on at the capitol
can i pass the bypass road at current traffic
tell me the preparation method for chicken sixty five
turn off lobby light
would you please confirm the last thing i said.
find train ticket
heading to gym please post to facebook
respond to mom's mail message about the recipe site
is the song by shakira
create a meeting event in my calendar
tvs stock price
search the contact
change the lights in my home to orange
could you fix me some coffee
brighten the lights please
show a new list
start radio
compile information on the data breach
what's hot social media topics
do i have anything on my to do list
list phone and email id of robert
show me music by that artist
thank you very much for your answers.
let's play you'll be the keeper and never change position
remind me after a month
vacuum the house
play me an upbeat song through your speakers
remind me about my biology test at fsu on friday
what is the list about my favorite songs
did you get the last thing i said correctly?
write a tweet of complaint about my tv to samsung
turn the lights higher
get rid of everything on my calendar
please lights less brighter
every wednesday night at five pm remind me to meet phil
could you please check what said.
what is left for today
it was wonderful.
please will you check and confirm it.
what's the best way to cook pasta
i'd like a coffee now
turn the chandelier all the way up
i need you to mark next monday
is there any new news on trump
increase the brightness in this room
remind me of meeting five minutes before time
yes you get your understanding perfectly.
tell me current situation of traffic near central park road
do i have any pending reminder
make my lights green
i'd like you to turn turn on the tv
prepare some cups of coffee for us
load a fun game that i can play with you
please reduce the speaker volume
tell me how to cook meatballs
turn off lights of kitchen
do i have a busy day today
i am gonna need an umbrella today after sunset
find me new comments from my facebook
please play me a song from my favourite list
send email to mom starting with the subject vacation
where do the rocky mountains start
did i leave the light on in the garage
if it is twelve hours ahead of eastern standard centaur time what's the time in the philippines now
is it bumper to bumper
please resume my music
adjust light when i get home
that's amazing job, musch appreciated.
you have got the answer exactly.
delete sherlock holmes from library
find new trump articles but not from fox news
i want an alarm for three today
its dark in here mind turning up the light intensity
what is the square of 4
your understanding was exact.
i'd like to listen to my favorite morning show in the car on the way to work please
please remove my list of favorite albums
play next doctor who episode
do i have any appointments scheduled for march twenty four two thousand and seventeen
look up for the residential address of my team leader
from four to six when do i have a free break
current price of google please
speak loudly
make me a strong cup of coffee
can you tell me a good place to eat
play super mario brothers game with me
i want to know the result of twenty is to two
let me listen to the latest lovett or leave it podcast
set alarm at nine am on next sunday
turn on the light socket
what is a good vegan egg substitute
do i have any new facebook notifications
tell contact mobile number
how long will it take me to drive to work today
that's good one, thank you very much.
find the this week's news about emigration legislation in the us please
what is happening on facebook
is the sun gonna shine in devon this weekend
do i have an email from person a
play happy playlist next
what is the exchange rate for pounds and u. s. d.
just cancel please.
make a pot of strong coffee
can you put the lights on the high setting
please will you shut down.
show exchange rate of u. s. d. and inr
The latest climate and weather news
are there any delays in traffic today
latest news update
look up the definition to ambulance
play me the latest podcast about online surveys
answer email
yes the command was confirmed.
if a pencil cost four dollars and a book ten dollars cost how much i should pay if i buy two pencil and three book
shuffle song
prepare to send an outgoing reply message
please make the lights watching friendly
open pandora app
define session
do i have any new messages in twitter instagram or facebook
reply an email to jason that i will not come tonight
can you see if john has replied to my email yet
wemo plug socket off
add these documents to the things i need to travel with
add spent five dollars in my expenses list
show current news from bbc
define forensic
buying of groceries new list
how many notifications do i have on facebook
will you please check it.
on mobile charger plug
i wouldn't really mind.
please tell me the definition of home
it is cloudy today
please show me detail of previous played song
what is the traffic now
check how many likes did i got on my most recent post
you are hero,, olly.
get rid of the wednesday list
brighten lights
play podcast episode new
please set the alarm for next morning to seven am
i need some sushi what's closest
send happy new year to john@gmail dot com
vacuum cleaner start
power up the vacuum
please clean the floor
do more light
bring up papa pear saga
do i have a work number for susan
google train tickets to washington dc
send an email to mom subject weather body what is the weather like there this week
please make some coffee for me
drop it from list
does not matter for me, olly.
turn on my wemo socket
wonderful work, you did well, olly.
make an alarm
read the ticket for tesla
start house cleanup
delete that item from my list
what is the current stock rate of facebook
send email to nancy about tomorrow's work party details
keep me up to date on the election news
what chinese restaurants are in my area
hey olly turn up the lights a little
fb stocks
pull up the complaint website for starbucks
open terry's email
how many items are on my list
church with mom and dad on sunday
it's right.
the wemo plug should be turned off on
i need ninety nine point five please
lower lights in my room
play radio disney
olly would you shut up.
get me some latte please
turn off the tv in
what is the time difference between california and new york
how do i cook a meatloaf
when was frank sinatra born
remind me about my monday meeting with peter francis fifteen minutes before the meeting
meeting update my calendar to reflect meeting
i want dimmer lights
is there a connecting train from london to paris and what time
i need a train ticket to denver
could you please check the detail.
how strong is the dollar compared to the peso
check the command.
show me my emails from the past hour
olly i need to call my mom will you check her work number for me
play my most played songs
set an alarm for twelve
raise speaker volume
check what just said please.
i want to listen to the radio
how is the traffic near me
i want to bright the room more
want to have vibrant colours
will you check and confirm command please.
please post so bored to facebook
any upcoming events
update the calendar with the last event removed
add work email address
yeap it's good.
lower the lights in the house please
delete this list
what is mary smith's telephone number
please change time zone to india
you are so helpful, musch appreciated, olly.
play national public radio
is calendar event true
play yesterday's hot ninety seven morning show
can you please let me know the next four scheduled trains to chicago
ah it's great work.
what is my daughter's phone number
please speak loud
add wash jeans to laundry list
when is bank holiday
how many likes does my last instagram photo have
play jingle bells next
next podcast
attenuate the lights
time difference between uk and us
what did jeff post on the yard sale page
please train
what is the departure time for the next train leaving new york city
please can you confirm it.
what is the bbc's latest news
turn on the wemo plug socket to plug in my dongle
convert current time from g. m. t. to est
create appointment to list
what's on my schedule this week
play the song title
give me some dim light
please make me wake up at four am tomorrow
will you please play the next episode of podcast
hey olly inform me about latest picture updated by priya chopra on instagram
change background
let me get a cup of coffee please
turn off my smart plug in thirty minutes
rotate the light colors
on twenty third february rahul will come with me on india cricket match
turn off the office lights
what new messages do i have
can you recommend good stores in this area
how do i cook a pasta
please alert me when john emails me
tell me a play list
would you check and confirm detail please.
i need more milk
my calendar is to be updated with all rccg event in march
give me the stock price of intel
what is the stock price of sensex right now
i want the cheapest train ticket to new york
search for trains leaving tonight for london
what is glass made of
turn off the bathroom light
what is the stock price for lexmark
tell me about the stock for shell
remove the sms recipient which have initials s
show me emails from my friends
yes that is confirmed.
whats the travel time from here to dallas by train
can you put the vacuum on
open chess play against me
where is morocco located
what will the weather be for the next week
convert the american dollar to the euro
play my first favorite song on loop
delete all my events for tomorrow
is the largest ocean in the world the pacific
i would like you stop.
start robot vacuum
what genre is this song currently playing
do i need a rain coat today
what time does the last train arrive in dallas
is the road clear in florida
what music do i usually listen to
did anyone like my photo i just posted
increase volume by two levels
you've done it right appreciated.
move to the next episode of hipsterhood
delete last entry
i would not mind, olly.
check the events on calendar and delete the next event
add wine to list
what is my grocery list
give the list of theaters in the vicinity
recipes that can be cooked in an hour
what is the definition of this
that's useful, thank you.
describe joe for me please
lets send a tweet
broadcast the health show from the kitchen
put poker face by lady gaga next in the play queue
what's the current exchange rate for the euro against u. s. d.
is there anything i need to know before i activate the robot vacuum cleaner
yeap you get your understanding exactly.
this item should be removed from list
what is the answer to this math question
how to make fried rice
create new contact with email
turn off wemo plug in game room
how is traffic from work to home
send an email to grandma saying we are dropping by on saturday see you then
what is starbuck's stock worth
yeap you get that perfectly.
i'd like a coffee please
add carl's email to my contact
what is the stock for hp company
dollar rate
mahaboobsayyad@gmail dot com
delete my meeting event for march nineteen at one pm
reset all events in calendar
it's helpful, musch appreciated, olly.
musch appreciated, that's good.
is it joes birthday soon
remind me about my anniversary in one day advance
can you remind me of sunday gym every saturday evening
remove sample meeting from calendar app
turn up music please
thank you very much for reminding me of that.
please add to my contact lists and send them a reminder email
any one will be ok with me, olly.
that's cool, thank you very much, olly.
have i received any emails since noon
current stock price intel
quick meals
what time is the train passing by
recommend me a restaurant in west chester
how is jennifer garner's career doing
play from smashing pumpkins
do you have a traffic update
what is the price of starbuck's stock
search for the correct game
queue up ymca
can you create a new list
activate robot cleaner in an hour
book me a train ride
i would like you to check the question please.
i have no idea for which to select.
fifteen plus twenty
i want you to go to hot one hundred and five on the radio
repeat same song for ten times
how many euros for one u. s. d.
get me new definition
lights brighter
how many inches make one feet
show me the latest emails from amazon
transition lights to blue to green to yellow
am i on vacation this week
i'd like you to confirm that please.
what are all the lists i have available
start radio station one oh seven point five fm
can you please shut up.
post a tweet as follows very bad follow up by abc company not satisfied in my account
remind me if i miss my evening walk routine
change the lights to red
make the light in here redder
set alarm for saturday morning soccer practice at eight am
check instagram
start playing my most played podcast
how is the spouse of obama
remove my list of notes from last week
olly that is all, cancel.
show me the demographic growth rate of switzerland in the last ten years
have i made loss in which stocks
speaker volume increase
how do i cook a medium rare steak
can you provide me with the contact information assigned to this person
what's the exchange rate between the us dollar and the euro
please turn the lights on
company coming over turn on the vacuum cleaner right now
please turn on wemo socket
what is a work phone number of emilia
find list in my pda
let's play a game
what movie is this song from
read to me the last messages in my feed
check for this mail in my contact if not then add it
what's the change in best buy stick
do i have any notifications from social media
turn out the lights
what are the ingredients necessary
video games
how do i change the color of the lights
is the exchange rate changed from yesterday
olly please shut down.
please will you check it.
i'dl like to hear any classical except for bach or schubert
turn up the lights in here please
what is the exchange rate between the us and canada
can you give me train times for ann arbor
what's euro u. s. d. right now
remove the bank transaction list
book a ticket in irctc website from sbc to mdu on may two for stored passenger list
olly would you shut off please.
give me directions for the place
tell me all about hurricane
what's jesse's number
disable my okug
play the last song from my most recent playlist
can you remind me to check my clothes in a hour
what is my schedule for tomorrow
please repeat that music again of akon
explain how to set my coffee machine
in every three hours give me my facebook update
i need to change the color of this light
is there valet service at the event
turn room lights off now
please turn the lights up to eight
tell artist and title of this song
convert one kilo to pound
yes you've done command exactly.
turn off the wemo plug socket
conversion between dollars and pounds
anything is fine to me, olly.
please increase volume in music player
turn off all the lights
what is the exchange rate between u. s. d. and euro
activate the radio please
show ana number
set a calendar event to repeat yearly on this date
send a tweet to company
i would not bother, olly.
u. s. d. to yen
headline news for texas
you are helpful, musch appreciated.
brew me some coffee
keep playing the episodes in order
can i go outing without any raincoat
please start the coffee pot
respond to all that i am on my way
read me the last tweet from the washington post
what is the headline from today's morning local news
i want a train ticket to oregon
what on my calendar
olly please shut off.
delete everything on the menu
just stop please.
are there any unread messages in my inbox
what is the square root of ninety seven
light up
remove the milk from the shopping list
what's the value of the euro relative to nzd
it's really loud can you please turn the music down
find all the contacts named john
give me contact mail id
Has @realdonaldtrump posted anything new on twitter
please turn off kitchen light
start the vacuum
what's around me
are there new emails for me
that's good one, olly.
update my inbox please
could you harvest the crops in farmvile
please change time zone to canada
cross out bread from shopping list
give me a description of iron fist on netflix
whats the best way to france
repeat jazz
how is the traffic right now
delete the following list
can you confirm what just said please.
show traffic
what is the currency conversion charges applicable
how many dollars is twelve pesos
vacuum the kitchen
what song is this
lets hear wgrr one hundred and three point five
got it correcly.
turn on wemo
play favorited podcasts on fishing
change up the light colors at home
i need to wake up make me the strongest coffee you can make
turn off my wifi
remind me to pay the electricity bill on this weekend at nine am
list all the nearby shops
make the living room blue
which song am i listening to right now
ah that's nice one.
what will the weather be like in austin on march sixteenth
please set my alarm for five pm
tell me about donald trump
look up the number of people living in miami florida
do i have anything lists made for christmas shopping
any farm markets around with local products
start my favourite podcast
add appointment in the list
turn down the volume
tell me chinese restaurants in the area
send an email to qerwerq@hotmail dot com
buy a train ticket to cleveland for april fourteenth
got the answer exactly.
please add one plus one
what is the current traffic in washington town
hey olly tell me what shops i am near
could you dim the lights
please remove the following list
what is one dollar in euros
i'd like you check and confirm that please.
power off on
list my lists please
can you turn on pandora
find me the cheapest place to buy a new backpack
games
start the vacuum cleaner
please check exchange rates
make the lights brighter
please switch on my wemo plug socket
enable smart socket
podcast next episode
please give me details of allen from my contact
what is the exchange rate between u. s. d. and cad
yes you have gotten it exactly.
erase item please from my list
please start me some coffee
will there be snow tomorrow
longest river in the world
what do you know about mary
i need oranges added to my grocery list
what is the financial capital of canada
how much is two thousand five hundred philippine pesos in dollars
what's the rate between the u. s. d. and ukraine's currency
please open a reply to the email
open the local news app
what all lists are available
play game with me
cancels lunch at the restaurant booked for march twenty five
that was helpful,.
please ask mr coffee to make a latte
currency to currency rate
how much is the euro worth versus us dollar
turn on the plug socket one
the command was confirmed.
do i need to pick up the kids from anything today
turn on a country music station
start the laundry
train departure
will you have the vacuum start cleaning
make new list
what is the current exchange rate of euro to dollar
let's play a game how about tic tac toe
what is jimmy johns's corporate number
how can i contact this person
i want to wake up at six am tomorrow please
yeah that is correct.
what is the average speed on main highway
oh it's great job.
can you backward an episode in the podcast
where jackie chan currently live
please find a mail address of manoj and tell me
email my mother
turn the lights to red color
enter this to a list
did my friend rohit posted something on facebook
please turn off all the lights outdoor
play all the latest pop songs
how many kids jackie chan does have
change the station to eighty two point four
remove eggs for the shopping list
change lights to pink
i'd like you check what i last said please.
more light
please clear my calendar for tomorrow
did mark post anything new on facebook
tweet my complaint to @nsa
you did awesome work, thank you so much.
let me know up and down in stock price of this company stock
remind me at the start of each month
can you check the facts on this issue
turn off on the socket
direction to local train station
turn the lights down a bit
direct me towards nearest railway station
post the following status to facebook
lower the volume to twenty
can you find the dave ramsey podcast that aired earlier today
switch on the plug
please check this companies stock
how do i make cookies
would you check my last question please.
search for the best spagetti recipe
reduce the intensity of lights
turn on the vacuum cleaner
turn on all upstairs lights
does not matter.
whatever the next event is in the calendar delete it
add oil change to my to do list
what time does the train leave philadelphia
what is today's weather forecast
locate local pizza shops
play podcast a
remove item three
what's on the list
book a train ticket from washington dc to savannah georgia
can you find the the preacher joe show on gospel radio
turn the light off in the living room
what is the nuclear triad
clear up my calendar
find updates from vicki's facebook from mardi gras day
what is the weather today
activate robot vacuum
find recipe chicken casserole
please create a new contact information about jo
give me all my lists
describe a workhouse for me
wouldn't really care.
play the romantic songs
trash file one
do you want to play monopoly with me
what is the length of amazon river
what is the time difference between my location and hong kong
what events do i have scheduled today
what genre is this song in
who is the artist of the song playing now
erase events
yeah fantastic response to command.
can you play my music file
what do you know about the statue of liberty
that's helpful, thank you very much.
set list
what is this person's contact information
it is of no importance, olly.
set an alarm
great response to command.
create event with alarm for meeting in two hours
weather in chicago please
please could you check question.
what is the square root of ten
what meetings are available in march
what is bob stevens phone number it is in my contacts
please make the room brighter
turn up volume of music
i need you to find a good channels to listen to
any new interests from linda
what open lists do i have
turn on new smart socket
open twitter and add complaint on doctor patel's feed
confirm the question please.
you are smart.
robot vacuum the hallway now
where is the closest bar
search this object's definition
tell me which stocks were the biggest gainers in stock market nasdaq today
bed room two switch off the lights
did i get an email from jen last night
erase my appointment with ted
live show reminders
yes your understanding was perfect.
where is the nearest smoke shop
please turn the volume down
tell me a nice chinese restaurant
email happy new year to john
that was cool,, olly.
change alarm to start at midnight
change house light colors to blue
play keno
what is weather today
where do cows come from
the definition of life
please turn up the lights in this room
customer service from microsoft never called me back
reply to erins email by saying i will be on time
local shops
markets near by
how is the current traffic between
play station gx in the radio
start the vacuum for me
make an alarm for the morning
lessen the the light glow
update me on my emails
convert twenty one thirty from gtm four to g. m. t. four thirty
is the thanks giving event on fourteenth of this month true
brighten the light of hall
was einstein married
spread some lights
get route for los angles from here
what song is playing now
add this email to my contacts
send email to cat that i will accept job offer
Hello book train ticket from mumbai to sangli for tomorrow morning
you did nice job, appreciated, olly.
turn up lights
please turn down the lights
turn the kitchen lights off
i would like you check and confirm it please.
calculate two plus 29
would you please shut up.
please describe an elephant to me
i want to take karate classes where are local karate studios
display trains going to antwerp after two pm saturday
find me a recipe of spaghetti
remove the list please
find stock price for name
why are whales big
hackernews
do not mind.
find me the exchange rate between dollars and bitcoin
please check my playlists for jazz music
cut wemo power please
i did not want you to send that text yet wait until i say send
what is the answer to two times three
latest instagram posts
olly please will you shut up.
how long does it take for the train to get to orlando
how much was airtel sold for sometime back
please send a notification when john replies
start podcast
olly can you shut up.
shutoff light in the kitchen
yeap right response.
explanation of the song
i want to hear the radio
i am unable to hear you can you speak little loud
what is the exchange rate of us dollar today for rupee
would you please check what i last said.
what is four plus four
reminder about meeting from eight am to twelve pm
increase the volume of the speaker
make the room brighter
will i be able to get away with shorts today
change this time zone to washington
define the moon for me
two by two is
what is trending on twitter
when is my doctor's appointment
turn lights off in bedroom
can you get me train ticket prices please
reply email to charlotte
where can i go shopping here
what year did this song come out
wouldn't know.
i'd like an espresso
i want to listen jazz
i would like you to add an email to my contacts
i need to send an email to michael
show me reviews of my nearest location food court
yeap that's correct.
weather forecast please
change the light color to blue
please remove list
Put milk on my shopping list
brighten the lights on the front porch
i want purple lights
price of train ticket from delhi to mumbai
find songs from my big band playlist
rise volume
what cd is this song on
describe what a poltergeist is
how many teaspoons are in a cup
open hershey twitter
how are the top ten stocks at the moment
what is the price of euro to u. s. d.
do i have any thing going on at five
add to my groceries
describe london for me please
send an email to my boss about my leave
please turn off the plug socket of my phone when it'll be charged
how many work contacts are in my phone book
get louder
decrease the volume to ten percent
olly will you stop please.
angry bird play
play me news radio channel
what's the dollar's exchange rate with the euro
kenny roger's lady play
list remove
delete from the calendar the next event
npr ted talks
i need to book a train ticket from mumbai to goa
cancel tomorrow's meeting
that's good one.
change light colour to blue
book a train ticket from canada to las vegas
what is the current temperature outside
show me the latest news from the un
thank you for doing it, olly.
set a classic music
don't bother.
set an alarm for two hours from now please
actually what is the life style of sahara desert
please tweet about the problem i m facing with the product of company
you did great job, musch appreciated.
i need to book a train ticket to la
see if john is available for a meeting on Monday
please can you confirm the question.
you are my hero,.
outlet off
should i go through the valley or on the ten to get to westwood
start new list
it does not matter with me, olly.
blanket definition
wake me up at six thirty
book me a train ticket at earliest time tomorrow
louder volume please
i have a meeting with sean at four pm on wednesday can you remind me
is traffic to work clear
what is the meaning of the word home
show me share price of tata
what music is playing
just let me know the population of india
power down the plug socket one
What's playing
bring me ticket of train to city leeds
read unchecked email
do i have any new emails in my inbox today
give me the definition of arrow
are there any accidents on the four hundred and five
open up a new list
that is enough, stop it.
what's the closing price of abc
delete all events in calendar
please set a monthly reminder for paying rent
doesn't really matter for me.
get sia's cheap thrills ready to play next
tweet at united airlines i'm angry you lost my bags
what is the population of florida
what is the value of the yen right now
what is the cooking time for mashed potatoes
check mails
start game temple runner
what is new
what are my reminders for this week
turn down lights
begin vacuum cleaning
up the brightness on these lights
could you confirm the question please.
what is the temperature in indianapolis indiana
it was cool, i appreciate it.
i like you check question please.
how is the traffic in san francisco over the bay bridge
give description of statue of liberty
can you check and confirm details.
you helped a lot, i appreciate it, olly.
will you check and confirm instruction.
what does potato mean
what's the latest news from xinhua
i want the smart socket off now
confirm detail please.
you have done it correctly musch appreciated, olly.
set my alarm for eight am
tell me formula for area of circle
tell me the direction to miami from chicago
create vacation list
where did rama go on his final journey
i have already given mark his gift today please remove him on my christmas gift list
i want all my events deleted
what is the best italian restaurant around here
what was the name of my last email
how much rate will be calculated
find john smith in contacts
made media volume louder
tweet at koc your waiting time sucks
please add shopping at mall on twenty six march at twelve pm
please start the radio
can you please check and confirm the detail.
start a new list
any signs of rain
please add johndoe@yahoocom to my contact list
turn off my wemo plug
increase volume please
please open chess game i would like to play with you
you've done that correctly thank you very much.
i need some coffee
recite the schedules of the list
describe blanket
any one would be okay with me, olly.
what is love
help me buy a train ticket to denver for next tuesday morning
program coffee machine to brew coffee in two minutes
play this game with me
remind me to take out the trash
what does a beech tree look like
hey olly turn the radio on
how about the latest news
what is the title and artist of this song
tell me my list names
i want to know the best super market in this local area
skip
remove last played song
could you check my last question.
how is the weather of this place
do i have any emails from robert
what meetings do i have next thursday
activate radio and tune into nine hundred and eighty nine
open parcheese game for you and i
exchange rate between dollar and mexican peso
when did dave matthews email me about the contract
cup of coffee please
find me someone
network podcast
origin of word
i like you just cancel it.
notify me when the event is going to take place
give me the driving directions from faripir to gurpur
delete event for tuesday
its too bright in here
please wake me up at seven thirty am
let me know of the meeting on tuesday
show me the available colours of lights
start email for address not in contacts
check my twitter account
i want to play solitare with you
what is the exchange rate for dollars to pounds
yes that's fantastic.
please turn off the wemo plug socket
please activate the vacuum cleaner
is the pound up or down against the dollar
how is the weather likely to be this week
book a train ticket from los angeles to chicago that goes via miami
delete the item two from the list
when was born abraham lincoln
shut the smart socket down
please delete the last song that played from the playlist
open radia
remove meeting for wednesday morning
please archive my read messages
get radio
play music from workout playlist
please turn off the lights
how many emails do i have from work today
i have no idea regarding to what to do, olly.
resume series podcast
set a reminder for two days prior of the event
show me my calendar event this Friday afternoon
play the radio station rock one hundred and eight
is there a sports bar near kansas city plaza area
would you confirm the question.
get contact
light green
sum of five and two
i want a train ticket
how to cook crabs
jane doe
can you deleted the current event
can you set my coffee machine to make me coffee at seven am
how's are the roads looking right now
check email for otp sent by my bank
resume last playlist
solve this equation one plus one
breaking news fox news
should i take my raincoat with me now
add jane's birthday party at one hundred and twenty three main for two pm tomorrow on my calendar
what is joe joe's home address
decrease volume
most viewed list
tell me my latest email
i finished my to do list
please play next episode of bbc history podcast
define oscillate
set a notification on third march about company meeting
add bob to my list of contacts
turn off kettle socket
can you start the coffee
coordinate all pop song genres
what color is a dragon fruit
train times location
book a ticket to ny by train
tweet complaint to dominoes
delete that
what is the name of that song that just went off
olly that is all.
what lists are open
wemo plug socket turn on
what size is a sperm whale
sanctimonious definition
can you confirm the details please.
play the barney theme song
remove dinner with mike from my calendar
really would not mind.
forward the mail to new email address
what are trending topics on twitter right now
that is good.
how is the weather down in orange tx
dim the living room lights
it's great one, thank you very much.
rowan atkinson info
it does not matter to me, olly.
can you locate some gospel music for me
thank you for your response, olly.
start cleaner
can you please confirm detail.
make me a cappuccino
what is the difference between bake and broil
set the time
remove the event from monday
please go to the next episode of the podcast
book a train for twenty two march at twelve pm
speak quieter
hey go from off to on my vacuum in five minutes
send an email to frank and ask them what the weather going to be like this week
what's the capital of tanzania
pleas reply to the mail of allen
i like you to check it please.
tell me whats on the web
is traffic light
what are the stock prices of target
can you wake the roomba for the kitchen
clean my calendar
please could you shut off.
should i take an umbrella today
what's the stock price of this
do i have to bring umbrella for tonight party
reduce the brightness
start making a coffee
what went on in the world today
find my email for date
how do i make mashed potatoes
skip to next podcast
how deep is the deepest point of the grand canyon
delete list for groceries
initiate polling for new email
it's dark in here
what is on this list
you got that perfectly.
access coffee maker begin process
next episode in the podcast please
play stuff you should know
lower the lights in the house
any incoming emails in the last five minutes
please let me know the what raj's status update in facebook
provide wall street journal news
change my light color to yellow
olly shut up.
can you start my saved podcast
please can you shut off.
i need you to convert nine am cst to est time
what's the latest news about us election
check and confirm what i said please.
tell me the traffic condition from here to home
play next episode on podcast
does the robot vacuum cleaner have to be plugged in
how is coca cola stock doing today
i wouldn't really bother, olly.
train schedule
rewind the episode of podcast
what is the current stock price of rolls royce
give me the stock price for tommy hilfiger
give me petey's telephone number
whats the name of the current song
what else is on the list
when does the next train to work leave
open facebook messenger
bring up a new shopping list
start my robot vacuum cleaner by ten to eleven am daily
make a new alarm
what's three plus three hundred and fifty five
give the stock price details of motorolla
do i have any private messages on any social media
next episode in podcast
yeah wonderful response to command.
please dim the lights in the bedrooms
tell me what's happening this week
turn off one light on porch
which is the next event coming up
get the roomba to clean the kitchen
brief me about my news feed stories
kill item
open subway surfers
how old is carrie underwood
add new item to list
what's the recipe for fish soup
what is trending
please start vacuum
do i have any new emails from sarah
please turn the music up
olly please could you just cancel.
please turn off any lights that are still on
add new item
explain photosynthesis
play one more time
skip this one
list of playback of ar rahman collections
please check if there is a new email on the inbox
i appreciate it, that's amazing.
tell me about the list
hey turn on your reminders for tomorrow's meeting at ten am
scratch that one from the list
what's happening with the hurricane in the gulf
am i free between six to seven pm
is there a traffic jam on my route
set alarm for tomorrow six am
whats ten percent off forty dollars
can you check and confirm my last command please.
find a recipe that uses ground beef and zucchini
please check and confirm the command.
what list do i have
turn my bathroom plug socket on
what is the meaning of this word
what is home town weather
start a cup of coffee for me
what is recipe
please darken the lights
lower the lights
please make me a coffee using the coffee machine
can you reserve a ticket to grand rapids by train
transition to another color for the lights
get me up at eight am
tell me the stock rate of hyundai
i need to make a list of bills that are due
let me know the list
decrease brightness
delete all the events of today
tweet kohls about the cleanliness of their store
when is president's day
flip the wemo on
play the last next episode
appreciate your answers, olly.
make a meeting with friend
how do i start the robot vacuum cleaner
what is price of dollar
tell me the top stories in the news
i need some coffee please
tell me who wrote this song
please give me the latest feed updates
tell me the list about
get more information on geographic information about this place
i want to listen to classical music
what was the date when the plum street temple in cincinnati ohio was built
yeap amazing response to the command.
how much is one american dollars worth in england
please set the alarm for seven
forex rate of euro to u. s. d.
that is excellent.
i would like all the lights on when i enter
list the current price of microsoft shares
show traffic in ohio
how old is emma watson newest boyfriend
do i have banana in my shopping list
turn on the vacuum
what is the rate for g. b. p. to u. s. d.
do i have meeting with steve this week
what are all my lists
i need to set up a new list
how congested is the traffic on my way to work
what meetings do i have between eight ten today
please turn on my coffee pot
that is nice work, thanks.
list all the events in my march calendar
economic affairs
remove milk from my grocery list
set my alarm for six am tomorrow
delete the grocery list
please set an alarm at seven am tomorrow morning
find me any news from so clean the last six hours
will you please check and confirm it.
where is place
rate u. s. d. to g. b. p.
please remove sporty event from list
please open go fish game and play it with me
write this complaint to comcasts customer service twitter
where is the best pizza on sixth street
please book a ticket form jaipur to mumbai on tuesday
find me a cheap train ticket for miamy
thank you very much for listening.
change the color of my porch lights to green
did my mom send me an email
set an alarm for this eight hundred pm this evening
can you please read the my mom sent this morning at ten am
play that podcast i was listening to yesterday
reply the email of charles with just thank you right now
will you look up joe's contact information for me
what time do i have a doctors appointment on the twenty second
speak all items for to day
please tell me what day this event reminder is set for
list the shops near me
play for me the game harry potter and the chamber of secrets
which are well reviewed movies by emma watson
please increase the light
can you tell me the phone number of me
olly please can you just stop it.
please make the lights blue
please tell me the main points of my two hundred meeting from this afternoon
is my calendar free for Thursday
compose email
who is the song playing by
give me a traffic update
please delete my lunch date from the march twenty third schedule
send message via email
how is the traffic on the i fifteen in las vegas today
is there any post from my friend mike in facebook
any recent news about north korea
start the robotic vacuum
show news of migration
crabmeat recipe
please add new item to list
any one, olly.
what time does the train arrive
don't care.
what is the definition of problematic
weather this week
switch on robot vacuum cleaner
take that off there
is this my sisters cellphone number
set track twenty eight in music player on repeat
can you do nine plus two
give me the weekly weather near me
vacuum the living room in ten minutes
open social media account
whats was the value of x if x plus two equals five
i want hot coffee
who sing we are the world
give some of delete in today events
erase shopping list
start the oven
please find a contact number of jayesh and tell me
how effective will be to buy nike stock
what song is on the radio
i don't mind for any one, olly.
what was the first car made
please can i know what time will it be at six pm here in australia
what time does the first train depart from chicago
email dad how is the weather this week
please shut off.
turn the lights brighter
tell me if five hundred and forty is subtracted seven time by twenty eight
tweet bad day at starbucks
erase my appointment on the twelfth from my calendar
what are the pending reminder for today evening
whats the latest
give me an update on the election in one hour
change the light color to black light
create new contact
has any mail received with an attachment
what is the deepest point on earth
post a facebook status engaged
show me my meetings this Friday
increase the volume please
do not mind for any one.
turn off the dining room
if it is four pm in missouri what time is it in london
switch off the master's bedroom
is black sea real
social media updates
make the lights shine blue
how many euro in u. s. d.
what is the best recipe for tacos
i'm not doing thing this week
describe the empire state building
are you sure its going to rain tomorrow
is the stocks which i have invested are increasing
can you check and confirm what said please.
tweet complaint to amazon products
please turn on my wemo plug socket
please check whether the email of jancy has come
can you change my time zone from central time to pacific
that's useful, appreciated, olly.
time mr coffee for six am
i would talk to you later.
how much money is one dollars worth in denmark
move to next section
turn on the robot vacuum cleaner
please add list of things to buy for party
remove twenty fourth march meeting from schedule
activate the cleaner for furniture cleaning
show list items
i need to know about the height of mount everest
how old is rihanna
call mom
have no idea regarding to which to select.
did i make a shopping list
i want to play a game with you
where does john smith live and what is his phone number
greg wants black coffee can you make one
make coffee at eight am
please turn off the wemo plug
i would like a cup of coffee
yes wonderful response to command.
do you have the mailing address for the electric company
wake up time
on vacuum cleaner
take off this list
what is mary s.'s phone number
read list for me please
begin new list of lottery numbers
set the time zone to g. m. t.
set the alarm for nine am on weekends
groceries list
please turn off my patio lights
what events are this week
did the price of walmart stock go up or down
add a new list
olly that is all, just cancel.
yeap you have got my instructions correcly.
give me the headlines from sky news
repeat previous song
book a train tickets for me
how much is the euro versus the canadian dollar
i do not know.
turn the lights down
where is the nearest olive garden
any one will be fine.
that was cool, i appreciate it.
i need to get the definition of a word massive
you did awesome job,.
what are the estimated temperatures this afternoon
when and where is june's birthday party
delete event from mine
give me today's market trends for panasonic
ah that was great work.
please program volume settings for sixteen when i'm in the room at fourteen for when i've gone to bed
train times to new york
play current episode
what is included in the tour's list
can you please put the vacuum on
send answer to george
shuffle music by aaron carter
two pm set
Define perpetual
add a item
what is six minus four
repeat music
get news about new foreign policy
add appointment to list
start play road rash
what's the closing price of apple
is there heavy traffic on the I fifteen in las vegas right now
i want to remove apples from list
Show me a traffic map from kamycka to dejvicka
yeah you have got my instructions right.
select shuffle all
read my grocery list
michael jackson family background
what's happening in the news
have you responded my phone calls
could you shut down.
make the lighting bit more warm here
turn this room light off
raise living room lights half way
what is john doe's address
send an email and save the contact information for samuelwaters@hotmail dot com
complain to mcdonalds twitter about my burger
how far above sea level is denver
all lights colour to blue please
Play something random from google play
please tweet for me about the bad service rended by the taj restaurant
will you please shut up.
can you set my coffee machine to make me coffee at four pm time
is starbucks stock up or down from last quarter
clear the dust and then on the cleaner
confirm the last thing said please.
get rid of item on the list
title of song
create packing checklist
turn on the plug
you have done it right thanks, olly.
find shoe shopping near my home
tell me what is on the list
it's dark in the living room
what is the climate here today
play all songs by metallica on shuffle
play fishing podcasts that are favorited
hey play crazy by britney spears
who was in the beatles
i want to drink coffee
find the recipe for sambar in cookingforu application
bring me the title of current music
that is of no importance, olly.
fraud in weighing products
what's the stock price of this item
please would you cancel.
when does olive garden close today
olly please cancel.
i need a train ticket to
read me the most updated news on bbc
what is a sphere
can you book train ticket from mumbai to sangli for tomorrow morning
you understood command exactly.
define love without invoking the term love
wouldn't mind for anything.
can you send an email to my mother about the weekly weather
turn off the lights in the bathroom
whats around
send email to bro and say hi come down for dinner tonight
play music from where you left off
facebook
i need some coffee made
could you please confirm if leonardo is married
it's fantastic, thanks.
have i got any new email from my company
yeah exact response.
how many dollars are in a euro
when is the next train to philadelphia
how do i make meal
make lights brightener
check and confirm that please.
how do i set my coffee machine to make coffee
change light colors from blue to white
get me a train ticket from mumbai to goa
jazz could be choice for me
what does pro bono mean
make appointment for next friday
what is the definition of god
that is all, just cancel it.
what time is the train to san francisco due
describe to me what a ball looks like
go back
i would like to hear the theme song to this is us
anything is good to me.
yeap excellent response.
put the disco lights on
post the following as a status on facebook
kindly switch off the light in the drawing hall
you did command perfectly.
play my favorite music
delete the party on june first from my calendar
how many degrees is it in orange tx right now
tweet @wendys that i don't like their product
can you read me my lists
set an alarm for two hours from now
can you tell me about the traffic
book a train ticket from here to charleston west virginia at eight am today
what song is playing on windows media player
cook me some oats
post to twitter trump is such an ass
i want blue lighting
when was the last call i received from jordan
how many rupies are in a dollar
tag you're it
vacuum the floor
where should i go eat tonight
that is all.
i need you to remind me to go to store tomorrow
in five sentences let me know the procedure of making thanksgiving turkey
who built the prado museum
make my collection mostly pop with a good bit of psychedelia
is there is a high traffic
current traffic
what is the traffic today
will it be nice at the beach on friday
yes fantastic.
can you make me a cup of coffee
what notifications do i have in social media
write this message to the coworker group
am i gonna hit traffic
one thousand two hundred and thirty pm already you will have a meeting in ten mins
set an alarm for me for tomorrow
what is the name of this musical group
find radio
start a list of dog names
i want to see the recipe of veg biryani
what is zero divided by zero
delete all my appointments for today
please find out the share price of i. b. m. in nasdaq
create list
what's the traffic this morning
i need a six am wakeup call
tell me distance between sun and moon
please turn on my balcony lights
could you check and confirm what i last said please.
what are the best italian restaurants in los angeles
what is the cooking time for boiled eggs
lower the lighting
can you please turn on the coffee pot to make me coffee
how long was bryan cranston on breaking bad
can you empty my calendar
do i need a sweater today
are there any unread emails from patrick
change the colours please
schedule a sales meeting for wednesday at eleven am
remove mike stein from contacts list
please tell me what lists i have
post a complaint via twitter to cvs pharmacy
how much is remaining after subtracting four from eight
who was john dillinger
please let me know about current traffic in carmen drive
i want to listen arijit singh song once again
find the best rock station near my location and turn it on
tell me what's happening on instagram
what is five divided by one
i want to listen to the new sam harris episode
please book a train ticket from london to manchester
please use shuffle
send a tweet to apple that their batteries drain too fast
what tv show is jennifer aniston on
tweet starbucks and say that the customer service is awful
which teams are playing today in the premier league
play lady now
please would you check and confirm it.
send an email with the address you gave me to jean saying meet us here at eight pm
play music i have liked
create a new shopping list
enable my plug
skip to the next song
how many times does fifty go into one million
what music do i prefer
how many emails today
tell me the street address of my facebook friend george
turn down the lights to medium
yes answer was amazing.
please set the equalizer in the party mode
delete the old playlist and create new
set new alarm on five am
book a train ticket to city leeds
whatever will be okay for me.
clean the floor please
give me the update on traffic at new york
buy me a ticket to boston
tweet complaint
twenty minus ten
hey please provide information about events by the end of the day
answer this mathematical question
turn on the geyser
lower the light of hall percent
tell me the artist of this song
send a tweet about sonys volume issues
check and confirm the details please.
lights off in the kitchen please
hotel california is sung by whom
make an alarm for three pm
get me tom's number
what are today's highlights from facebook
make the wemo go on
please convert nine am cst to est time
book a ticket for the evening train line
thank you so much.
please turn off kitchen light for me
set an alarm for two pm
book a ticket for today in irctc site for the stored information
play the list from my favorites
how do you turn on the robot vacuum cleaner
show me thai food near me
how's the traffic
turn off the rice cooker socket
please raise the lights to max
i want to listen to electric slide
what are the lyrics to the song i will always love you by Dolly parton
what is computer
hi buddy send mail to my friend hellen regarding home builders are not accepted the offer
shift the light off
turn off the light in the living room
thank you very much for that information.
what is on the agenda for the four pm meeting with joe
move forward ten minutes in this podcast
send a tweet to safeway about water in my gas
tell me the simple interest of seven with interest in two year
what is the exchange rate between us and canada
please play the next episode
Hashtag loving this weather post to twitter
play the radio station one hundred and one point nine
turn off wifi when you leave home to save power
can you please shut down.
go back to previous episode of podcast
my games to play in my phones
yeap perfect.
can you increase the brightness in the room
turn the lights on
set the alarm tone
i like you check it please.
lessen the speaker volume
what the traffic condition outside my office
exchange rate of yan with dollar
find me a nice restaurant for dinner
please turn on radio on seven am
olly please would you shut down.
you are star, musch appreciated, olly.
what's the traffic on the one hundred and one
can you take off the next event on my calendar
can i please have a cafe americano
add sugar to my shopping list
enable wemo
would you please check that.
could you please confirm what i just said.
check email from john
set alarm on twenty fifth may at five pm
what are my lists so far
please check my facebook account
send mom an email now
tell me the recipe for yellow rice
what is the latest headline news from this newsource
add detergent to the list of things i need to buy
will there be snow this week
create a list of jewels to be bought
activate robot vacuum cleaner
olly i like you cancel it.
send the email to john
send a complaint to sony about this tv that quit working
please add dinner with mary to my calendar on saturday
tell me when my next doctors appointment is
send a reply to mike with the answer four hundred and thirty from his email he sent this morning
start play
did sara tried to call me
please arrange to wake me up at three am alarm
activate the vacuum cleaner
is it snowing in california
we should play nfs at high speed
please show today meting with clients
tweet a complaint to kohl's customer service
what does it mean to be overbearing
what is the nine am cst to est
make me coffee now
what is the name of the singer
remind me every year on this date of
play hot ninety seven
replace color from light to dark
thank you.
play subway surfers with me
what is the answer to four plus four
could you stop please.
set coffee maker to start at three
your volume is too high please repeat that lower
from dollar to euro
brighter
remove father's day from calendar
play the latest seahawks podcast
schedule meeting with laura
search jack in contacts
how is the traffic today
i want to buy a train ticket tomorrow for boston to new york
please add this song to work out playlist
what is the traffic like now
i need to get to bristol Friday night can you book me a ticket please
turn the living room's light off
let's play workout playlist
what is john smith's home phone number
entertainment news
change lights to blue
play my latest podcast
forward email
add this email to my contact
turn off the smart socket
let me know the recipe for preparing pasta
google i need one train ticket to new york can you book that for me
what's the weather this week
how many hours difference is there between london and new york
get rid of the first three events in my calendar
am i busy on Wednesday evening
mail macs@xorg
turn my lights down to a lower level of brightness
tell me today's direction
set an alarm for tomorrow at six in the morning
please check the traffic to the home
next podcast play
play alex jones in radio
let's suck out the dust
delete my appointment tomorrow
lower your volume please
i need a coffee
i'd like you confirm it please.
make the light more visible
remove pencil from stationary
start a list
you did awesome work,.
tell me where i can go shopping in this area
cut the songs in this musics
whats on my shopping list
have my iroomba clean the house
show the method to prepare icecream
olly stop please.
play the next episode of this series
recipe please
which place has more traffic
open vacuum cleaner
i no longer need to see the doctor can that event be removed
tweet british airways that my last flight from chicago to london was delayed
please remove my next event
please confirm my last instruction.
how do i get from my house to the target along I forty
turn on the lights
get me to my friends list
yes you got command exactly.
please show me lists
tune into my selected station
anything would be good with me, olly.
power off the wemo plug
confirmed.
define god
it's awfully dark here
what ingredient can be used to replace white wine
i need a gold class ticket on train number five using my credit card
describe the computer to me
do i have free time next tuesday to schedule a meeting
brighten lights in living room
complain to amazon customer service for me
how long does it take to get the train from rome to paris
give me the details on purchase order
increase volume
open games
yes right response.
would you just stop it please.
how are stocks for google
please share up to the minute details on sprint
set alarm for tomorrow morning at six am
play new rihanna song
please delete the meeting i have with john tonight
put the item on the list
check email client
please brighten the room
is there anything important happening on social media
change color of lights
what is job title of jan medvesek
it is time to lower the kitchen lights
what date is my anniversary
olly i would like you stop.
where was marlon brando born
what's going on on wall street this week
please turn on my music
you have gotten that exactly.
lindafancy55@gmail dot com
where is steven spielberg living
what is my most played podcast
i need to make a grocery list
add something@gmail dot com to my contacts
don't really bother.
bring back talking after
set on second january about soccer match of manchester
how hot is it outside today
find me train tickets
can you tell me what the items on my grocery list are
convert current time from ist to est
begin radio play
how the list of upcoming events
that's useful, thank you very much.
tell me the contact details of my brother
will you stop.
delete my list of appointments for tomorrow
what is the capital of china
how much traffic does atlanta georgia usually have
doesn't really matter to me.
hey do i have any emails from bob about the bulldog
that doesn't matter to me, olly.
play for me the music by the beatles
Hey turn the volume high
i wouldn't really mind, olly.
tell me where the local shopping district is
what kind of lists do i have
please write up a compliant
remove a list of employees
erase previous list
what are the train times from san francisco to new york
stock up or down for walgreens
do i have any mail
recipe for meal
update my list with shoes
i want to cancel the recording i have on the dvr list for this morning
play for me american idol show
are there any accidents on my way to work
play closer music track
please turn the lights up
when is stassi schroedder's birthday
can you just stop it please.
i need help making pancakes
can you tell me a latest news
cut the lights off
do i have a party tomorrow save on my calendar
olly i like you cancel.
remove this from the list
make a new contact with this email
how can i cook pizza
please let me know where david is travelling
i would like a coffee now
you rock, i appreciate it.
what's the time difference between here and queensland
put the song sung by shreya at the top
add dentist appointment for friday at five
find me a bar in cleveland open until two am
did linda connors reply to any of my emails this morning
i want the lights less brighter
delete the list please
can i see my facebook feed
what is the quickest way to my work downtown without hitting any traffic
could you make a train ticket for me
what is the traffic like
olly will you shut off.
refresh email
i want the light to be a little more red ish
tell me when will indians economy touch that of americas
which continent has highest growth of cotton and what is average production
please get the coffee machine to make me some coffee
please tell me news related to the stock market
email my friend about our plans tonight
any local news stories for my home city
how much is twenty argentinian pesos in pounds
turn up the brightness of the lights
set a continuous alarm without the option to snooze for seven am please
is snap doing good after the ipo
convert g. m. t. to ist
robot vacuum cleaner on
i think i ran out of this can you add it to my list
i need to know all of the emails from contact pertaining to subject
recipe for spaghetti
would you please check and confirm detail.
could you please shut down.
set an alert for two pm
yeah you've understood my instructions perfectly.
how much would it cost to buy stock in apple
meeting july calendar
i want the robot vacuum cleaner to start at one pm today
how much is dollars american worth in yen
please go to amtrak dot com to purchase tickets
will you send the email to greg
tell me what is on my schedule for today
take me to the huffington post website
dim the lights in my bedroom
add the email oriam@gmail dot com to my contacts
tweet something for me
what's new with the stock market
where does tar work currently
you've got the command exactly.
play episode ten in the podcast
please start the next podcast episode
turn on my michael jackson playlist
brew me a cup of coffee
yeap strongly agreed.
i have no idea regarding to which to select.
what is email id of john
can you make me some coffee
olly that's all, just stop.
what traffic is there on the route to the pittsburgh airport
tweet @bobburgers they screwed up my order and i had to wait an extra hour
start up league of legends for me
song info
set the volume higher
how many sides are on a pentagon
please send a complaint to someone
open podcast player
did mike send me an email
what is latest news about this world
you've done it right thank you so much.
list out my meetings today
doesn't really matter with me.
tweet to amazon about late delivery of my tv
how's microsoft's stock
remove my to do list
what are the latest updates on my facebook account
let me know if linda posts anything on my facebook today
increase
switch on smart plug
power off please
make a repeating reminder for tomorrow
how old is cher
create a list of books to be ordered
could you change the lights colour to green please
beep when i get an email from john
delete last item listed
when was justin bieber born
how is weather on such and such day
tell me what was the temperature in our city at twelve pm
you did good job, thanks.
it's dirty here make some noise
what pubs are near the metro station
can you make it a little quieter
what's happened in the news recently
launch game
where is the closer starbucks
i want to hear sleeptime playlist next
book me a train for the next available train
where do most celebrities hang out
what is the geographic info of a pop singer rahman
if i have fifty dollars and spend twenty four how many dollars will i have left
turn off lights in all bathrooms
play radia
please set a reminder alarm for three pm on Saturday
would you please confirm that.
please remind me of all the nba scores in a week
which shops can i find in milan
hi can you please turn lower the lights
please start fm eight hundred and ninety radio channel
what are departure arrival times for this train
olly talk to you later on.
move the volume up a little
go to email compile
email friend
have i gotten any new emails from mary
what is the time difference between eastern time and pacific time
definition of velocity
that's useful, thank you so much, olly.
skip ahead to the next podcast
what is the equivalent of one inr in zimbabwe dollars
let's play canasta
wake me up at five hundred and thirty
set an alarm forty minutes from now
email tom
directions please
set my alarm for six thirty in the morning tomorrow
what's the traffic situation from kamycka to dejvicka
how many events on my list
what is the time of the morning train headed to chicago
do i need to take an umbrella today
include an item to a list
amazing job, you have done well.
remove that event from list
solution for eighty one divided by nine
please increase volume
it looks sunny and clear today is that true
what's one plus one
that does not matter for me.
start podcasts on nfl
where is stonehenge
show me all the shops that i can find in milan
can you get me a cup of coffee please
next i want to hear shinedown
tell me amd stock prices
look up in contacts
play the local r. n. b. radio station
whats online
search for podcasts that cover men's issues
how is the traffic situation in houston street
i like you confirm details please.
please add item to list
turn up the lights please
what is derek's phone number
book a train ticket to new york
what is latest on the recent events happening right now
increase the brightness of the lights
what is a chair
how to go to multi specialty hospital
play football news from radio one
turn the light off
meeting this friday
create a new list by tomorrow
compose this email to this new email address
is the mail from chris about work
how much long until northern rail arrives at kings cross station
can you remove remove buying eggs item from my to do list
it's amazing.
what am i up to this weekend
when does the train from kansas city to iowa leave
birth date for movie star keanu reeves
thanks for asssistance.
you have understood my instructions perfectly.
clear the list
switch the lights to blue
add apahelp@yahoo dot com in my contact list
please search for dining tables
save this email in my contact for future use
remove the fundraiser for dolphines in april
yeah you have gotten my instructions perfectly.
complain for cheating
that's enough, just cancel.
find list and remove apple
please tell me latest video going viral on twitter for topic narendra modi
play cricket
will it be raining on thursday
get me the local train timing to destination cstm
keep me updated on the election results
have no idea for which to select, olly.
switch off the wemo plug
should i wear gloves tonight
tell to joe's email that come to my house in this moment i am alone
unmute the speaker now
the location is my office
whatever would be good.
stock market
how do i book a train ticket online
i would like you just cancel.
what does settle mean
olly could you please shut up.
what is the home phone number for sarah
turn on notification for all news on the stock market
yes right.
what is happening this weekend
hey start vacuum cleaner robot
i need the time zone from london england instead of central time zone
tell me the train ticket price of california to chicago
tell me my choices for a good steak restaurant near here
modify the light colours of the house and make them dark instead
delete lunch tomorrow
i need a ticket on the train to new york city tomorrow
start vacuum bot
turn up the light
what the singer meant by the title of the song bohemian rhapsody
start cleaning
what does joke mean
check detail please.
List all the lists on this device
that's all, just cancel it.
google definition for me
is mary's birthday party tonight
do i have any missed call from patrick
turn up the brightness
can you give me details on john
i challenge you to a game of tic tac toe
could you check that please.
turn off overhead light
olly just stop please.
tell me the exact count of followers on my twitter handle as of today
turn my lights to some random color
tell me what a freeway is
please ring the wake up alarm at eight am next saturday
i want to hear this radio station now
what is time now in japan compared to usa
what is the sensex and nifty points for today
give me a new light color
cancel all meetings for today
how tall is roraima mount
will you just stop please.
how many dollars are there in a g. b. p.
set alarm for one hour from now
show unread new emails
delete this item
tell me what is the nicest place to go
please turn the lights down
how long will it take me to get to park avenue considering current traffic
do i have any new entries in my inbox
open my list
you are so helpful, thank you so much, olly.
open my amazon music app and play my playlist
speak louder please
alarm time for twelve pm
what's bob scrote's net worth
clear all from my iphone
please go to settings of the music player and make the equalizer in the flat sound mode
how far away is the nearest rest stop
how much is ten euros in dollars
make sure my shuffles are always repeat and always shuffled
tell me what's trending on twitter
find me the cheapest train ticket to spain
hey what does incite mean
political news of importance for the day
please check my last question.
set a reminder for my shopping trip tomorrow at five pm
turn the wemo off
write an email to luke asking how the weather will be this coming week
please clear jeff's birthday from the calendar
best rap music
wake me up at seven am
start music
tell me the best recipes for a given dish
can you please book a train ticket for next saturday to boston
remove my car payment on the fifteenth from my calendar
change my alarms to mountain time
i can barely hear you
how much is fifty us dollars with in china
play my rock station on pandora
olly please would you stop.
i'd like a cappuccino please
what is six divided by two
what happened to the dow jones today
please remove a list
does not matter for me.
adjust media volume up
remove standup on Friday at ten am
announce a comment in facebook
can you reserve a train ticket for this day
good response to the command.
favourite podcast
skip forward
convert ten miles to kilometers
i need a high volume
make a room darker
traffic alert
give me the list of available train tickets from edinburgh to leeds
how is the traffic in broadway street
take item off list
do i have anything outstanding on any lists
it was nice job, thank you so much.
raise volume
describe what a sphere is
what are my favorite types of music
what are the names of the lists that i have created
what did the clinic say about my exams
is there any chinese places in benton ar
what items did i plan to buy
what are the items on my list
you are my hero, thank you, olly.
book train to london
what album is this song on
i need an email to be sent to comcastcom about my service issues
i don't really mind to choose any one.
let me know when the next cold front is expected
tell me when obama was born
what's the exchange between u. s. d. and cad
please set alarm for all days
whats the average temperature in mangalore for this week
email my meeting details to my manager
what i can do with laptop
i would like you check details please.
can you remind me about the gym class in two hours
you've got your understanding correcly.
play music in library
remove that item
what is the exchange rate between the us dollar and the aus dollar
weather forecast for this week
i want an alarm for six am everyday
tell me the answer for two plus two
add to calendar an medical appointment for the first day of the next five months
olly would you shut off.
start playing ringcast
can i get the directions to the nearest bar
wake me up at six am
don't mind for whatever.
any traffic issues today
play the song for me
will trump visit russia anytime soon
olly please could you shut down.
set reminder for tomorrow for this item
i would like to listen to this mornings mike and mike podcast
play the radio for me
tell me starting phrase of this music
cnn
can you set the coffee machine to make coffee at three pm time every week day
please remind me about the event later five pm
i want to make next week's to do list
play the podcast named ringcast
what is the traffic this morning
give me a recipe for lasagne
what is the difference between the rate of the american dollar and the pound
have i received any emails from beth
oh that's good, olly.
what are the news stories on the cnn website
re add eggs to the list
give me the average five year stock price of home depot
can we turn up the lights
set an alarm for seven thirty am
well done, appreciated.
inbox my family
please tell me about our country latitude and longitude
wouldn't mind to choose any one.
what mexican food is around me
what is the root of 16
i do not really mind, olly.
let's have a warm glow in the front room
tell apple in a tweet that their batteries don't hold enough charge
how's the weather like in beijing
read my lists to me
lights down
have stocks gone up or down today for walmart
delete my grocery list in my notes
yeap fantastic.
do i have a doctors appointment today
remove cereal from my shopping list
it will be good if you yellowish the light
i want a coffee now
i appreciate answers.
open google keep
are there any trips to location a provided by the train
lower hallway lights
jj.nzt@yahoo dot com
confirm last thing said please.
i appreciate your helping.
let's play our favourite football match on tv
give details about the current traffic
switch on all the lights
play the college baseball game
add apples to shopping list
start the radio now on low volume
you've done it right thanks.
take away all events
set an alarm at ten tomorrow to remind me a meeting
check the current playing music title
you did it exactly.
what can i substitute butter with
play all third day
olly will you please shut off.
i like you to confirm the details please.
play me john's podcast
what is the email address for tessa
hey turn off the light please
turn the lights off please
are there any new snaps on snapchat
please can you check the last thing i said.
play the next podcast episode
please turn on roomba
can you book me a train ticket to boston for next tuesday
could you please set an alarm at six am
is there a way to pull up information about a contact
what clothes store would you recommend here
can you make coffee
ring the alarm when i get home
get the roomba to start cleaning
how many hours distance is between my location and new york
schedule a meeting with reeta today evening at five pm
brighten the lights
when is my next appointment and who do i contact to reschedule
new twitter message
are there any recent emails from rohit
play the podcast of barack obama saved in device
what is this
is there bad traffic on the highway right now
shut down please.
change song
play thinking out loud next
send email to bill asking to reschedule
what do i have on my shopping list
i want you to book a train ticket for me
please add an email for john doe to my contacts johndoe@yahoo dot com
repeat birthday
add email address iamironman@gmail dot com
if it is six am here what time is it in tokyo
please tweet a complaint about slow service at applebee's
open email for unread mails
tune into the joe rogan show in ten minutes
want to play a game with me
will you put on the music
please cook me a hamburger
lower the volume of the speakers
get me two train tickets from where i am now to dallas arriving before dark
link me to jeff's email
please give me detail of one yen equals dollar
olly set my alarm to go off in an hour
let me know if anything happens on that subject
remind me to take the casserole out of the oven at seven hundred and forty five pm
can you pull up the dave ramsey podcast that aired on monday
book for me a train ticket to washingdon dc
can you contact samsung and say my washer is on fire
please check if i got any emails from mom
please play the newest podcast
lights color red
i want the news about academy awards
play for me the game cricket
please make arrangements to make the hall so brighter
what does the analysts say about the new immigration policies
what is the name of the lead singer in this band
please sound an alarm three hours before a scheduled event
amazon stock price
add this new email
search for local shops
can you turn down the volume please and tell me what is the title of this song
play today's podcast from the mi
yes you have understood my instructions perfectly.
add event to date
send a tweet to amazon customer service that the package was delivered late
i need the current dart rail schedule from west irving station to north lake college
what is going on right now on twitter
calculate the travel time if i go to orlando by train
play the next episode of drunks and dragons please
please switch off on the wemo plug socket
can you boil the kettle
turn my smart plug socket on
that's cool,.
you have done it correcly.
what are the list of things i need to buy today
set an alarm for ten o'clock tomorrow morning
olly that's all, stop it.
complain to philips
please would you confirm detail.
few traffic roads
set a timer at five am seven days a week
give me the description of a smartphone circuit
olly that is all, just stop it.
now i need to write an email to my colleague
tweet insight cable's customer service and tell them i have been waiting on hold for thirty minutes
skip this podcast
toggle wemo plug socket on
tell me what one plus one is
turn off the lights in the bedroom
please remind to sleep at nine pm
send a complaint to my boss
whose song is this
please shut off the kitchen lights
begin vacuuming
money exchange
find my shopping list and delete it
open pandora and play top hits
change the light colors
contacts
check my facebook notification
set the coffee maker to on
could you please tell me what is the rate for pound to u. s. d.
what are the latest tweets from the new york times
when was einstein's birthday
turn off lights in bathroom
romantic light setting please
at one pm today start the robot vacuum cleaner
newest world news
change the plan of meeting
book a train ticket for an eight am ride to charleston west virginia
please shut down.
is the coffee ready
i am busy tomorrow so delete all calendar events
tell me the name of this music
please slow down volume of speaker
play any song of arijit singh
where seth lives
whats on my list for the time being
can you turn up your volume
turn down the sound
when is the train coming
confirm that the alarm is set for tomorrow
power off wemo plug socket
turn light off
what's the traffic on eighty today
what lists are in my notebook
start my jazz playlist
post a facebook status update
wemo plug socket on
how many lists are open
yeah please.
brighten my bedroom light
change light colour to yellow
tell company their service is bad
select a different color for the lights
what's trending on twitter
is the weather bad in new york right now
i need you to set an alarm
is the four hundred and thirty pm train running late
what was the stock price for google yesterday
please decrease the volume of this song
find joel osteen's broadcast on sirius
make my coffee
shuffle the songs in the music library
tell me how to cook pasta
olly will you shut up please.
please arrange to make all lights to show brighter
make a list of all the halloween events going around in new york
start and email to john smith
add mail id subject content
hi olly change the color of lights in my room to red
description of iphone seven
Volume louder softer
remind me later
go to the third episode of this podcast
whats needed to make pizza
what is the title of this song and please shuffle songs from the artist that sang it
dim the lighting in my living room
it is too loud decrease the volume
please give me the road forecast for i95 sb
please book the five pm train to rockville
activate the robot and vacuum the floor
please convert the time of here at nine pm to brasil time zone
i would like to receive updates about the stock market every day
open grocery list and add milk
play let me love you by ariana grande
how do i get to the mall
play songs by adele
get me some radio music from kamp fm
let me hear that podcast
clear my next event
start a grocery list
period the light should be in dim
please add smurfette@gmail dot com to my email contacts
throw away my to do list please
lets go nazi hunting
where is the closest kroger
what's going on in the world these days
remove the board meeting and reschedule for next wednesday
is the answer of five plus two seven
open sirius app and play the classical channel
tweet paula deen's restaurant that the line is always too long
did renee just post to my facebook feed
please tell me a shop where i can find books to buy
please have vacuum go for one hour
id like to know if there are any accidents on the route that i am taking
what are the train times today
start next episode playing
yeap you've understood the answer right.
please brighten the lights
it's eight at night in france what time is it in new york
new messages
what is this thing
please will you confirm the last thing said.
can you look up and add john's old email to my contacts again
tune in some radio
yeap correct response.
how long will it take to drive to long beach
turn off the lights please
if it's ten pm in california what time is it in alabama
what do i have next to do
show me pancakes
what is currently trending on twitter
please tell me when's my financial meeting
send a tweet to kroger about being overcharged for groceries
have i received any mail in the last hour
activate vacuum
what is the sum of fifteen ninety nine dollars and six sixty five dollars
slightly raise the light
what are the current lists i have
please play a podcast
i need to add a new email to my contacts
can you make sure the kitchen light is off
tell me the office address of my brother
play the newest morning show podcast
i need you to add this email in my contacts
brighten the light at seventy percent
turn on the wemo plug socket
you've done it correctly thank you.
how much money will i make for the week if i make dollars per hour and work twenty hours
what does the traffic look like on my usual route to work
play anything by cat stevens and i'll be happy
make five coffee tell the coffee machine
i don't need tesco item any more delete it
set an alarm for the dance classes two hours before the classes start
will it rain
where am i supposed to be by this time tomorrow
please provide world hot news
is soft cheese better than hard
convert eight thirty from gtm four to g. m. t. five thirty
convert one us dollar to british pound
play the radio band with sports commentary
i will talk to you later.
how's weather today
complaint to dept for food quality
check all the new them emails and mark them star
i need the recipe for hot cross buns
how much meat should i buy to serve ten people
what is the latest news on sprint
how many legs does a dog have
tell me the names on the list
please confirm it.
i will need a scarf in afternoon to overcome sunlight
did i receive any new email
i would like you check detail please.
turn up the lights
can the lights be turned up
next episode please
what are the train times for today
add the item to a list
tweet a complaint to old navy website
i am need my hat today
time to sleep
clear all events on my calendar
give me all ice cream shops within two miles
how much is five dollars worth in euros
hello beef up the volume a little bit
let's play fmod
can you put on the next i heart music radio show
can you check and confirm the question please.
radio please
find dinner with mom on my calendar and delete it
olly will you just stop it please.
remove birthday party
what is today's weather in springfield
please proceed to the next available rock song
i need to book rajdhani train ticket from mumbai to ahmedabad
find me the distance and direction by train to rccg in ikoyi lagos
how is the traffic in florida
do remove next event from the calendar
book me on a train leaving penn station tomorrow travelling to any city more than two hundred miles away
turn down media volume
system pull any traffic news for my commute
what music is it
please confirm last thing said.
define cpu
prepare a coffee
i like you check what i last said please.
i have no idea for what to do, olly.
tune into the nearest english fm station
start coffee
send a reply to robert for his email received today morning
increase light brightness
add this email to my address book
what time does the train departs lagos
add lowes hardware to my contact emails located in cleveland ohio
check for recent news stories on msnbc
is there any traffic on my way to work
add juice to my grocery list
can you pull up information on the singer of this song
what is the best tasting cut of beef
turn off wemo socket
add valia's wedding the next saturday at eight o clock
siri what does survey mean
the song playing now is released by which artist
well done, thank you so much.
who is the singer of this song right now
what is the price of apple stock today
good food
can i see the previous episode
change my plan erase my next event
time time is the holiday party at the office
repeat this song
what is name of the song currently playing
can you give me a recipe for homemade chicken noodle soup
do you know about this lyrics
respond to my bosses email with the word that i will be in at four in the evening
are there any traffic restrictions due to the president's visit
was this song in the top twenty
prepare my morning coffee
whats the currency exchange rate from dollars to euros
make the lights blue in here
can you look up train ticket prices for me
facebook info
please play podcasts on science
can you turn up the volume
show stock value of goog
show me today all train times of next two hours at jodhpur to jaisalmer
add new year with family next week
hey check emails
who has written to me or mentioned me in social media
what artist is singing that song
brighten up the lighting
house lights blue
latest updates on syrian civil war
olly that is enough, stop it.
what is the dollar against the pound
when is the last train today
what is the name of that song
add email to existing contact
how long will it take me to get to the west side
how's the traffic downtown
olly can you shut up please.
i want to play rock paper scissors let's play
get me match highlights
what is two plus four
find me a podcast on wrestling
run indian folk song
help me call james
i'd like to listen to ninety nine point five
what music do i like
open up angry birds
find the serial podcast and play it
play me some podcasts about getting rich quick
clear list
i want to see the next podcast available
set up an alarm clock at one pm
will play chess
can you find my lists
place family phone on instagram
i need to book a train for tomorrow to go to new york
open train ticket app
give me some lavender toned light
stock exchange rates
turn off room lights
which is the best place to visit in this month
i need you to start fm eight hundred and ninety radio channel
what are the latest tweets on my twitter account
are there any veg restaurants in phoenix
navigation search
will you dim all the lights
that's enough, stop.
please play the local latin music channel on the radio
that is right.
are there any tornado warnings today
is the traffic free in some particular road
turn on this socket
switch to red colored lights
move to next episode
do we add rosemary in pasta
list the games you can play with me
travel book a train ticket
you've got the answer perfectly.
that's nice one, thanks.
how many cm make one foot
jump to the next podcast
order a train ticket to boston
make me a coffee
what song do i listen to the most
create new list for baby names
please unmute the settings
please tell me what lists i have made
will you stop please.
i want to know the latest local news of the city
what day of the week is my birthday this year
are there any available train tickets to reserve
olly i want you cancel it.
whatever is okay with me.
what kind of music do you think i like
Define economics
what is i. b. m.'s stock worth
i want the email to be sent to my new email address abc@gmail dot com
tweet real donald trump that angela merkel will not shake his hand anymore
anything new on social media
what train companies are near me
book my first class ac train ticket from new york to san francisco
i would not really mind, olly.
i'd like you check details please.
set an alarm for four in the afternoon
what is the answer to that question
what is the exchange rate for the english pound and us dollar
i want the room to be less bright
you've understood my instructions exactly.
list me the stock of apple right now
go to youtube and play me the best wedding songs collection
play power one oh two point three
traffic report
decrease lighting
what a sunny day
want to play a game
boiled
what is the weather for the school week
it is too dark in here increase the brightness of the lights
is there any new vegan news on facebook
you helped a lot, musch appreciated, olly.
play that podcast please
include this item
set the mood please
delete all appointments for tomorrow
in jodhpur traffic level is very low
repeat the last song again
olly that's all.
prepare my coffee
that is all, stop it.
what price are google stocks trading for
what is hair made up of
play heavyweight podcast
how is the traffic at the moment
tweet long wait time and unprofessional employees
is trump tweeting today
i need to make a list
audio on
i would like coffee now
play billybob show on bbc radio four
add new email to anna
please play songs i've purchased and favorited
who has covered this song
olly i want you stop.
what is photosynthesis
hey can you please make me a creamy coffee
make the ceiling lights brighter
lights turn off
what is the train schedule to denver
post to twitter got a hectic day ahead
play bbc radio one
please set the lights off in the living room
how much is two thousand yen in u. s. d.
i want you to remove this event
snapchat
add a new contact for daniel bell dbell@aol dot com
where is the statue of liberty located
start the robot vacuum cleaner at one pm today
find the sum of thirteen and fourteen
dim the lights please
create an alarm for five pm
what is the recipe for apple pie
open jazz
i need an alarm set for five hundred and thirty am tomorrow
do i have email from my friend rachel
how many months in a year
can you please turn on npr where i am
describe rock sand
please put radio in shuffle
is there a way to clear my calendar
olly that is enough, just cancel.
remove any kind of list
let's play tic tac toe
do i have the address for the apple store in my contacts
i need to edit marie jones email address to read
can you pull up the latest time so i won't be late for my appointment
is the anniversary event on twenty second of this month true
add coffee to the grocery list
please make a coffee
figure out what percentage thirty is of one hundred and sixty three
cancel sam's party
is there any new email
it seems cold
would you please check and confirm it.
stock price for sprint
open the list
who's birthdays are today on facebook
play my motivational playlist
where was steve jobs born
dim the lights in the kitchen
give me the number to mom
can i find out information about a contact
yeap you've gotten my instructions perfectly.
mario
switch the lights to off
no lunch date tomorrow
how long should i simmer rice for
delete the last list
how me the highest weather this week
what list did i make today
add this one also
increase the volume
play news in fm
it doesn't matter to me.
shut off the socket
how long untill i get home
any one will be ok for me.
i don't care, olly.
play racing
tell me what's going on snap chat
name stores within ten mile radius with music
olly please can you shut off.
add the item to the list
what is ten times ten
delete shopping list
switch the lights off
i want the lights turned off
clear all events for this month
i need an alarm
play npr through my living room stereo
pull up list
is it going to rain on monday
you've understood command perfectly.
play me a game of tic tac toe
what's rene phone number
turn up speakers
show us red
what is the lowest microsoft stock price today
tweet my current location
brighten living room lights
it was good one, thank you very much.
please add deodorant to my shopping list
who is the music director of this song
please mark the wemo socket to off
set radio
what kind of music am i into
describe the statue of liberty
if it's sunrise in stockholm what time is it in okinawa
book a train ticket to arrive in cambridge by eight thirty pm today
have no idea regarding to what to select, olly.
order a train ticket to los angeles now
please tell me how many emails i have
please remove apples from my grocery list
how's the stock for exxon mobil doing today
make the lights pink at the house
remove my event at one pm in my calendar
listening song of arijit singh post it on my facebook account
will i need an umbrella tomorrow
olly i will talk to you later.
down the light power
erase that from my calendar
are there any new snapchats
remember dinner on thursday at bistro italia
give a hand to this game
schedule a lunch meeting with brent on Wednesday at noon
change the music mode to rock
is keith richards dead
play newest reason podcast
please turn lights off
turn off the living room lights
could you please confirm the instruction.
can you find a nice restaurant downtown
tell me the recipe for mashed potatoes
cancel the breakfast at tiffany's house
remove my calendar event at one pm today
tell me how to get from here to the chimes in covington
what time does the train arrive in sacremento
is bills cell phone number in my contacts
check my last post on facebook
dim the lights down a bit
what is the weather like in grand rapids mi
turn off the light in the kitchen
did anybody post on facebook today
have i received any emails about jared's birthday
coffee
social media
switch wemo plug socket off
show john's contact information
what is the best mexican restaurant in seattle
show up the events for me today
open songs by prince
retrieve the light for me
have there been updates on abortion law
what is the amount for train ticket booking
make me some coffee from the coffee machine
shut down the plug
what items are on my shopping list
make me a cup of coffee please
please tell me when i can become rich if i invested in dow stocks today and what will be the return after five years
will traffic be good when i leave in five minutes
how many mega pixel is listed in the description of the canon
@nikesupport i need some assistance regarding some shoes i bought last week
olly that's enough, stop.
what is the answer to two plus two
how much is one serving of broccoli
shut off the lights in the bedroom
i need directions to lowes in mount h nj
how long is the walk from nyack to valley cottage
turn on coffee machine and make a pot of coffee
anything will be okay with me.
that's great one, thanks.
please add oranges to my grocery list
set the living room lights to red
open up tetris
delete meeting
play radio station
ticket for delhi
olly can you shut down.
don't bother, olly.
bedroom lights off now
have the roomba run the living room
locate nearby dining places
whatever, olly.
schedule an alarm for next weeks dentist appointment
show all emails regarding the breach
give me international news
trash the open list google
olly that is enough, cancel it.
yes that's amazing.
put an alarm and wake me up at six am tomorrow morning
what is the factorial of x
turn on the roomba for me
what is the most current exchange rate in china
start candy crush
it is unimportant.
turn off the lamp socket
speak softer please
tell me the name of my lists
turn off the lights in this room please
can you help me find the answer to this question
what is two hundred divided by ten
what movies is kevin spacey in
take me to music player
are there any shopping centers nearby
is it possible for you to provide the likes of my music
find a train going from prague to brno
can you create a new list in the playlist
go to social media and post the following status
how many euros are in a dollar
rm rf calendar
will i need sunblock this weekend
how many lists do i have in contacts
freezing
is it true that susan's birthday is on march first
please check and tell me contact details of mongomery llc company
what's happening in my social media
what is a canadian dollar worth in the us
you understood command perfectly.
show me the stock price for google
yeah you've got my instructions right.
what friends were in popular places the last day
add my spin class to the calendar for Saturday at seven am
draft an email to kailey about work later
yeap perfect response to the command.
please post this picture on facebook
lets play poker
i want to know could an extra item be added to my grocery list
where is dell standing in stock market right now
go and make me a coffee
yeap your understanding was confirmed.
add cereal to my shopping list
were the stocks rising or declining
what time does the dinner party start tonight
how much is the us dollar versus the pound
load sirius and play a rock and roll show
erase my grocery list
what is the forecast for the week
reply to john's email today saying i will be late
please turn off the smart plug socket
thanks for the helping, olly.
what is the time difference between here and there
tweet my complaint about my truck to consumer digest
how much philippine peso do i need to make fifty dollars
turn my iroomba on
that's perfect, musch appreciated.
i want to slow down my speaker
play the billboard top ten
put classic rock on
raise volume to level seven on music player
do i have any new email from ryan
paper scissors or stone
let national grid know the power is out again
what does one have to damage in cream to make butter
how many phone numbers do i have for brenden
cut down the volume
lower the volume on the speakers
what is two hundred divided by thirteen
do i have a meeting on saturday march twenty fifth
can you tell me what the white house is
unmute my sound
its cold outside
play any pop fm channel
play anything new from my podcast subscriptions
turn off plug
make me coffee
get latest news report on kidnapping in ny
show various plants in earth
delete this from list
what does one plus
what are my newest emails
play the health show on the television in the living room
erase next calendar event
please confirm details.
ally please play pandora radio
initiate celine dion music
what is a peso worth in dollars
wake me up at five thirty
do have any new email
activate coffee machine
foreign exchange rates
compose a mail for jack
that's good one, thank you very much, olly.
check emails from gary for last hour
you've done that correctly thanks.
did you get what said correctly?
what is my most played song
send me the stock market updates for today
what high school did halley barry go to
lower the volume please
tell me how to make garlic bread
bring up all the runner lights
play for me the game temple run
play next on podcast
jump to next podcast
turn the lights on party mode
tell my facebook group that i've arrived
can you turn down the lights by twenty percent
is anything different today about blank
find twitter handle of tom cruise
increase light intensity
play marvin gaye i want you
will it get warmer here next week
slow down the speaker volume
play tennis for me
i want you to check what i just said please.
delete my calendar
will you please turn the lights off
please turn on the smart socket
evaluate today's schedule
turn off socket
please turn off all the lights in my house
can you make a red shade of light in the living room
turn off the living room light
what does my facebook feed look like
please shut the lights
that is unimportant with me.
add light
ah that's awesome work.
i'd like you confirm the question please.
switch up the color of the lights in the house
please increase the brightness in this room
lower the light level in my house
clear everything off my calendar for the rest of the year
olly will you shut down please.
what time does the train to iowa leave
how old is barack obaba
convert one oh two from gtm four thirty to g. m. t. one thirty
lower the lights in the bedroom
is now a good time to sell some euros
thanks for the answer.
start the vacuum at nine am
what are the coordinates of everest
just increase the volume a little
check by inbox for me
today's schedule
what are the top stories on cnn
remove all the events and schedules
does my co worker have a home phone number
tell me what is on the schedule for july seventh
is there a well rated pizza place between fourteenth and eighteenth streets
reduce light intensity
how warm is it in columbus ohio
list the items on my shopping list
what does happy mean
that's enough, stop it.
start robot cleaner
Song next please
Show chicken tikka recipe
what is the forecast
pontificate definition
clear my schedule for today
give me directions to get from here to crescent city brewhouse in new orleans
tweet customer service not good for lpg service in my twitter account
and the pound is doing how badly against the euro
can you create new list for me
what is two plus two
bedroom light off
tell me what's on my shopping list
your understanding is confirmed.
please help me turn on the robot vacuum cleaner
play the song get happy by ella fitzgeral
what's jesse's birthday
my events
have no idea for which to choose.
new alarm for six am
house change all lights to blue
turn on the roomba
play me some melody song
do i have any undone tasks
what lists available
describe texture
open clock
play only songs by the beatles please
put the lights off now
i want to play poker with you
please play the beatles ps i love you
pawel prepare the meeting with john
what are today's headlines
delete my to do list
can you turn off my desk lamp
play my country playlist
please delete this file
is anything trending on social media today
please play workout playlist
set a reminder for tomorrow evening
make the bedroom lights light blue
show latest news about migration
start brewing please
play the most current episode of levin
play my playlist
add practice to calendar on feb four at king's park at two pm
check and confirm the last thing said please.
play jingle bells
power yourself on
what does the word hypocrisy mean
can you turn off on the wemo plug socket
describe a chart
book train ticket to new york
do you know the definition of school
my facebook update in every three hour should be available
start vacuum cleaner
whats the current price of mcdonalds stock
make coffee
what is the weather forecast for chicago
open chess game
please tell kmart they sent the wrong item
how does the dollar compare to the pound
i would like to know the latest from nbc news
let me know when it is ten
olly that's enough, just stop it.
please could you confirm instruction.
what's the weather supposed to be like on wednesday
make a cup of coffee
has anyone follow me today on twitter today
start the smart plug
would you stop it.
new updates
who assassinated lincoln
sunny in oslo
email tom the date and time of tomorrow's meeting
how many calories did i burn between three and five today
play music by taylor swift
add a reminder to my calendar every year on this date
what genre is most played on my music player
honda stock price
what's the rate between pesos and yen
check item five on my to do list
give me the exchange rate for dollar in euros
increase the light
speak as loud as you can
yes you have done that exactly.
brighten the lights in the hallway
please decrease the volume of music player
hey olly on the twentieth clear my calendar
what is the traffic like this morning
i want you to delete my shopping list from last month
switch on the radio
route to melbourne
who is the contact that last called me
do i need pants
convert time zone
turn up the volume
what's the temperature
what is the total of 500 and 23
what is a good lave to eat near me
set a new alarm for that time
yeap that was wonderful.
wake me up
who recently posted on social media
set an alarm for eight am
delete list
remove apples from my shopping list
turn off the upstairs lights
rahul marriage reminder
i don't want eggs
play scrabble with me
please create a new tweet
can you remove that on my calendar
please explain the rice recipe
can you please buy me a train ticket
nearest walmart location
turn the volume up
set alarm of every tuesday of march month morning eight am
do you think i can wear sandals or should i wear sneakers tonight at seven pm
are there any accidents on harvard
system please dim lights to dull blue
play random music
i would like to know the best rating pubs in the local area
vacuum on
what does formidable mean
what's happening on social media right now
i would like to know the meaning of word
how far is orlando from my house
what time is the party tonight
go to the station fm ninety six point five
what is motorola going for today
increase the volume to seventy percent
what and how is india's economy at the moment
stop powering the wemo socket
put hamburger on my grocery list
is there anything left on my list
tweet to consumer service that they should strive to be more accommodating
turn up the volume on my speakers
this song is composed by whom
how is shell s stock doing today
move to the next song in the list
i would like to know the route the train will go to get to miami
delete my list
move forward to the next episode
please turn up the light a little
what do i need to pick up at the grocery store
please check and tell me where is the location of toms new business
hey reply a mail which i received
what amount of traffic in this road
you've done that right thank you very much.
change to blue
start the robot vacuum cleaner now
really i would not mind.
can you please turn off the wemo plug socket
exchange rate from cad to u. s. d.
place alarm at five o'clock morning
can you please book train tickets for two for this friday
vacuum the dining room
find the meaning of promise
if i have a dablune how many dollars is that
whatever is okay for me.
i would have avoided the traffic if i went early
delete my dentist appointment
please recommend a restaurant in seattle
tell what is the value of sin thirty
from which movie is the song
open calendar and erase all events for all months
give me recipes
brighten up the room
do i have anything on the list
can you play a game with me
get me a ticket to boston
olly what songs have i listened to at least ten times
show trains and time to ny
what song am i listening to
how was the traffic now
i'm looking for a bar do you know a good one
can you remind my next meeting with my boss one hour before it will happen
play tic tac toe with me
what's on the radio right now
turn on flappy bird
create a new list
remove all my engagements from calendar for tomorrow
