what was the last thing my mom said
please tell me the definition of home
turn off garage light
let's have a warm glow in the front room
play previous episode
can you turn on the vacuum
how do i change the color of the lights
please turn down the lights
tell me the latest stock of pepsi
switch on the plug
what is the exchange rate between u. s. d. and cad
link me to jeff's email
increase the brightness of the lights
what time is the train passing by
how's microsoft's stock
open news about bp oil
what's his number
play foke
what is the exchange rate as of today
book a train ticket from mumbai to goa
i would like you just cancel.
play me the bbc radio podcast
give me the description of a smartphone circuit
can you wake the roomba for the kitchen
put on a pot of coffee
i want to play a trivia game
increase
delete butterfly clips from my wish list
please turn off the lights in the bedroom
ah that's nice one.
yeap correct response to the command.
lower volume
what is the exchange rate for the english pound and us dollar
was this song in the top twenty
hey turn on disco lights in my apartment and let the party begin
what music is this
where is the hottest desert located
play anything by cat stevens and i'll be happy
if my vacuum cleaner is not activated please activate it
please check detail.
play snake with me
remember dinner on thursday at bistro italia
radio please
hello google post my current status on twitter mentioning a great trip to paris with friends and family
could you just cancel.
change the color of the lights to blue
your understanding is confirmed.
you are the best,.
please tell me when's my financial meeting
what is the traffic now
List all the lists on this device
who was john dillinger
eliminate the list kickball but make sure the contacts remain
book a train tickets for me
delete the following list
get me some latte please
visit metronorth dot com to help me purchase train tickets
delete my grocery list in my notes
i don't really mind to select any one.
what does one have to damage in cream to make butter
tell me how to cook pasta
play from smashing pumpkins
turn the lights off to my room
yes perfectly.
please play the radio
do i have email from my friend rachel
what is the traffic like today
current forex rates
how many contacts are there named john
coordinate all pop song genres
remove my list of contacts from work
set a classic music
color the lights red
check what said.
find the correct temperature for frying a whole turkey
will you dim all the lights
send a complaint to my boss
are you solve my math
would you like to play never have i ever
can you check to see if i have any recent email alerts
play the song get happy by ella fitzgeral
find easy recipe for almond milk
how long does it take to get from here to chicago by train
how do i contact charles
lindafancy55@gmail dot com
name the artist who sang hotel california
attenuate the lights
by ten to eleven am daily start my vacuum cleaner
how long should the drive to work take
what are my lists so far
confirm that the alarm is set for tomorrow
please make coffee at seven am
please show today meting with clients
you got that perfectly.
how would you describe a ball
shazam this music
give me an update on the election in one hour
what are the names of the lists that i have created
please change the colour of the lights i'll tell you when to stop
play the most recent podcast for this american life
what is the best italian restaurant around here
yeap you've gotten that correcly.
what would you call this kind of music that we're listening to
play chopin
what is six times sixty eight
what is the stock for hp company
when was Dolly parton born
do i have any new emails from dan
could you please confirm the instruction.
tweet paula deen's restaurant that the line is always too long
olly could you please shut off.
tell me who will win the next presidential election
wake me up at five am this week
what are all my lists please
yes right response.
could you please find me the latest news from a source that i do not usually go to
what is the current exchange rate of euro to dollar
play my playlist
will you check what i said please.
could you speak a little more softly
what time does the train leave for chicago
add jane's birthday party at one hundred and twenty three main for two pm tomorrow on my calendar
please set alarm for all days
remove my shopping list
can you check and confirm the question please.
where is italy
please remind to sleep at nine pm
i need to go to lyon book a train ticket
are my contacts mostly female or male
please play podcasts on science
resolve this thirty twelve
please indicate the opening price of fra stock
is there any new email
whats the traffic density in
get me the latest on current events going on in the world
confirm my last command please.
change the color of the lights
could you please lower your volume
audio on
what happened last week
wouldn't mind for anything.
tell me the artist name
what's happening on bbc news today
whose song is this
what's bob scrote's net worth
please tell me how can I remove the item
locate me the amazon restaurants
how would you describe a tennis ball
save settings
that is all, stop it.
i need a gold class ticket on train number five using my credit card
how do i get to poughkeepsie from new york city
how many events on my list
bring up a recipe for turkey meatballs
queue up ymca
can i get a train ticket to
set the alarm to seven am for work
please open and play chess with me
how's the stock for exxon mobil doing today
lower speaker volume
what is the exchange rate between the dollar and the euro currently
eight am manila time is what in eastern time
we are going to play poker together
play stuff you should know
tell me about rock
increase the light
what does h2o stand for
What's playing
show me my emails from the past hour
how do i subtract four from two
can you turn the lights up
start making some coffee
u. s. d. position now
what open lists do i have
is there any salon in babaji nagar
i'd like you check what i last said please.
where can i get organic wheat
the definition of life
what is happening in the world today
how far does my dollar go in japan
set alarm for six am tomorrow
delete all of my appointments with dr smith this week
nighttime mode
describe a chart
what is apple's current stock price
what is six hundred euros in u. s. d.
new exchange rate
repurchase last train ticket to phillyx
please will you check last thing said.
it's great one, i appreciate it.
get me some radio music from kamp fm
it's useful,, olly.
set alarm for this event reminder repeating for ten times
book my first class ac train ticket from new york to san francisco
can you get me train ticket prices please
did my mom send me an email
check and confirm my last command please.
let's play a game together
could you please confirm the details.
that's enough, just cancel.
description of iphone seven
change the lights in the house to green
any one would be fine for me.
latest news on traffic at my current location
turn off lights in all bathrooms
i would like a coffee now
which route has less traffic today
start up league of legends for me
how long does it take to get there
how tall is frank goggins
play back the last message
add sugar to my shopping list
please set the alarm for next morning to seven am
start vacuum bot
would you please check and confirm it.
money exchange
olly i want you cancel.
set an alarm for seven am
turn off the closet light
respond back to the mail
set an alarm for two hours from now
can i pass the bypass road at current traffic
write a tweet telling macy's that they should be shutting down instead of jcpenney
could you create a new list for me
does mary smith live on main street
when was this song released
i need a recipe for spaghetti
could you confirm what i just said please.
i fancy some coffee now
give me my social media update
music change
have no idea regarding to which to select.
best bar in local area
by remote sensor
what is the length of amazon river
shut off the lights
slow down the speaker volume
what are they saying about donald trump on this topic
play compassionate cook episode twenty three
yes answer was confirmed.
let me get a cup of coffee please
do i have any events scheduled today
can you find me a furniture store near me
i like you confirm my last command please.
please tell me the main points of my two hundred meeting from this afternoon
please give height of lindsey lohan
how long to get to work
book me a single train ticket travelling to new york city leaving after nine am
olly please shut off.
i need to make a list of bills that are due
what are the latest tweets from the new york times
is there any chinese places in benton ar
learn to cut potatoes correctly
show me music by that artist
list all events and delete
vacuum the kitchen
make this a bit louder
play me a podcast
Lets play tic tac toe
play podcast episode new
please start vacuum
check emails for unread emails from mom
what's the dollar's exchange rate with the euro
i don't really mind for whatever.
adjust the light
can you please shut up.
foreign exchange rates
make an alarm for me at five am tomorrow
how much is one plus one
give description of statue of liberty
get me new definition
facebook info
confirm detail please.
please turn on the lights
what genre is this
speak all items for to day
read to me the last messages in my feed
wonderful work, you did well, olly.
inform me of my new emails
you understood command perfectly.
please remind me for the function at miami tomorrow
i would like to place a call to amazon customer service
tune into ninety nine point five fm
change the light color to black light
give me the exchange rate between japanese yen and the australian dollar
yeah you have got my instructions right.
book me a return trip from edinburgh to london by train
play miley cyrus radio
start a match of chess
have i received any emails since noon
what is twenty percent of one hundred and twenty
how was the weather this week
remove the list please
give me best cooking ideas
please delete the list
please go to amtrak dot com to purchase tickets
it is time to lower the kitchen lights
set a continuous alarm without the option to snooze for seven am please
please purchase a train ticket for this weekend
send the email to john
tweet the president and tell him he's doing a horrible job
how much yens per u. s. d. today
tell me the train ticket price of california to chicago
check the current playing music title
pull up the headlines please
this song is composed by whom
clean the flat
please describe a car
set my coffee machine
what is the current stock price of rolls royce
just let me know about current traffic in carmen drive
social media
i want the light to be switched off
identify song
made media volume louder
open social media account
can you check last thing i said please.
what are the steps for biriyani meal
how do you solve three two
where does fred work
set coffee maker to start at three
tweet my complaint about my truck to consumer digest
remove apple from list
tell me the stock rate of hyundai
reshuffle and play music
turn this room light off
meaning of enthusiastic
play the radio station
please check whether the email of jancy has come
make the light in here redder
brighten the lights please
olly just stop.
turn the kitchen lights off
please could you confirm instruction.
time between us and canada
confirm the question please.
did you receive this person email
can you tell me the cheapest place to get ground beef
i want some coffee
don't bother.
perfect work, you've done well, olly.
what are the top stories on cnn
turn off the tv in
wake me up at five hundred and thirty
tell me the best recipes for a given dish
could you please tell me the meaning for the item laptop
turn the lights up
turn volume up to highest level
delete all meetings for tomorrow
where is dell standing in stock market right now
you've understood my instructions exactly.
delete the list
when is my train coming
what kind of music am i into
you did awesome job,.
what is love
set brightness to fifty percent
check instagram
go and make me a coffee
what's on the grocery list
start the podcast i was last listening to
any new email since last time
olly that is all, cancel.
tell me what is on the schedule for july seventh
turn off the light
i want a train ticket
change house light colors to blue
how many lists are open
ah it's awesome, olly.
turn down media volume
play papa pear saga
trending social media
what music do i prefer
which song am i listening to right now
how long do i roast chicken breasts
olly can you please shut off.
for how many years was abraham lincoln president of united states
i need a good shop
i'd like an espresso
please add an item in my calendar
that is cool, musch appreciated.
kindly switch off the light in the drawing hall
what is the exchange rate for pounds and u. s. d.
i would love the wemo socket to not be active right now
tell me chinese restaurants in the area
open subway surfers
what the singer meant by the title of the song bohemian rhapsody
could you get me some coffee
do i have coffee on the grocery list
please tell me the chances of rain this week for zip code twenty nine thousand nine hundred and seventy eight
will you check and confirm my last command.
what song is playing now
one plus two equal
is there email id of john in the list
compose a new email to ray
please tweet the following complaint
what is the quickest way to my work downtown without hitting any traffic
open chess game
send tweet to wallmart
what is the news today
look up what this word means
would you please check and confirm detail.
turn off the bathroom light
yeah you get it perfectly.
what is email id of john
i want to know what supermarket near me has the best price on gluten free bread
what is left for today
make the socket available for me
book me a train ticket to chicago for tomorrow morning before ten
i want to see the recipe of veg biryani
put the news on bbc
go to agha station
how much is the us dollar worth in canada
please let me know about current traffic in carmen drive
tune to pandora
what does session mean
do not care.
whatever is good.
show shops around second street
make me a cup of coffee with salted carmel flavored cream
please put bread on the grocery list
send an email to emma
what is my recent email activity
what johncena do
change the speaker volume to sixty five percent
turn off lights
call mom
olly i will talk to you later.
i have no idea regarding to what to do, olly.
remove all the reminders from the calendar
turn on the plug socket one
check my last post on facebook
would you stop please.
how much is ten dollars in euros
play the seventh episode of the morning after
create a repeating event on mondays at seven pm
reply the email of charles with just thank you right now
start my favourite podcast
erase my appointment on the twelfth from my calendar
tell me the time when punjab mail will reach gwalior
remind me about my anniversary in one day advance
move to the next song in the list
directions to the target on I forty
remove all the events in my calendar
i would like a cup of coffee
what is this music called
can you turn on the wemo plug socket
book a train for twenty two march at twelve pm
lower the lights in the bedroom
have i gotten any mail recently
light is too much
add a new list
do i have a party tomorrow save on my calendar
open solitaire play with me
yeap correct response.
how does a cheetah look
can i see my work lists
reply to john's email today saying i will be late
did i put toothpaste on my pick up list
do i have any music by lady antebellum
what pubs are close to me
how much is one dollar in pounds
remove standup on Friday at ten am
check someone's recent emails
will you look up joe's contact information for me
it seems cold
i want to know could an extra item be added to my grocery list
tell me who the thirty second president is
please make coffee according to my earlier preference
look up the exchange rate between dollars and bitcoin
please remove dallas from my travel itinerary
olly could you just cancel please.
please make the lights natural
if it's eight pm on the east coast what time is it in sacramento california
make my collection mostly pop with a good bit of psychedelia
what a sunny day
erase item please from my list
what song is this
post a facebook status update
can the lights be changed to green
give me today's market trends for panasonic
play musician play list
when is my next appointment and who do i contact to reschedule
please tell me latest video going viral on twitter for topic narendra modi
how do i cook rice
what is the bbc's latest news
add a new contact for daniel bell dbell@aol dot com
please change the volume low of the speakers
clean my calendar
weather in chicago please
let me know the recipe for preparing pasta
search for pink's youtube channel
give me the weekly weather near me
i need to know where to get chicken wings in benton ar
find recipe chicken casserole
delete the list please
latest events
what are the results of the election
it is too bright in here dim the lights
create appointment to list
how many cm make one foot
Put milk on my shopping list
play this podcast
wemo plug socket turn on
olly shut down.
google stock symbol
would you just cancel it please.
please set alarm at five pm
is traffic to work clear
look up in contacts
please turn lights off
send email to robert, what time is dinner
when is the next office meeting
lower brightness of lights
shut up.
how long untill i get home
yes you've understood my instructions exactly.
add a movie name to the wish list
speak as loud as you can
light up the lights in the kitchen
switch on the green light in playroom
how much indian rupees per u. s. d. today
is the pound up or down against the dollar
yes the command is confirmed.
skip to next nyt podcast
turn on the smart plug
please create a new list
would you please shut up.
i need to send an email to michael
dim the lights in the hall
solution for eighty one divided by nine
where is the nearest smoke shop
pull up kate's email and write that i will let her know
add dentist appointment for friday at five
i would talk to you later.
what are the new rock radio stations
name the capital of nigeria
i needed to prepare for a meeting
increase the intensity of the lighting in the room
please purchase a amtrak ticket from las vegas nevada to lakeland florida leaving on the first of april
whatever is good with me, olly.
switch off the power
well done,.
put the song sung by shreya at the top
pick up dry cleaning tomorrow
reduce the intensity of lights
rahul marriage reminder
please play clash of clans
open my list
is anyone likes my latest photo
entertainment news
decrease lighting
make vacuum cleaner start
what is the latest traffic report for miami
i'd like you just stop.
play the health show on the television in the living room
run indian folk song
the volume of the music playing now should be raised
who sings the song that i am listening to right now
beep when i get an email from john
how much for a train ticket
please play next episode of bbc history podcast
send new email to jana dot litt at gmail dot com
send reply thank you so much mom to mom
get a cup of coffee ready now
show me share price of amazon
pull up lights control
give me the opening stock price of sony
thanks for the answer.
send me notice of meeting wednesday nine am
place alarm at five o'clock morning
what genre is most played on my music player
tell me my choices for a good steak restaurant near here
please book a train ticket from london to manchester
are there any news regarding our president on facebook today
how effective will be to buy nike stock
please turn off the lights in bedroom
make a new list for me
turn corner light on
i want to play a game
can you eat sweet potato greens raw
what do i need to make lamb pathia
i'd like you to shut off my smart plug socket now please
which currency is greater the us dollar or yen
tell me the music that is playing
do i have any calendar events this month
may i know the traffic situation
remove chores from my to do list
hey do i have any emails from bob about the bulldog
cancel my meeting tomorrow
pull up outlook i need to send a email
get me fresh news
add email to existing contact
convert twenty one thirty from gtm four to g. m. t. four thirty
is the traffic free in some particular road
start complaint to walmart
that's nice one, thanks.
put the lights off now
hello beef up the volume a little bit
clear my day on the twenty ninth
how many hook ups had richard feynman
change the lights in the living room to green and red
turn on repeat
would you confirm the question.
activate robot vacuum cleaner
name stores within ten mile radius with music
check and confirm the detail please.
turn on pdr am
what is eighty seven minus fourteen
what food is good
you are so helpful, thank you so much.
remove that item
what music genre do i listen to the most
add event to calendar
play fmod
play next reason podcast
please reply to my colleagues mail about his query
begin radio play
lower your volume please
lower the light to forty percent
send email to mom starting with the subject vacation
please let me know the time of train northern rail
what is the recipe for apple pie
how do you make sunny side up eggs
what is the us dollar and euro exchange rate
please turn off the light of the bathroom
give me the birth date of mahatma gandhi
can i have stock rate list of ola and uber
people canceling iowa vacations over congressman's words
refresh my inbox and inform me about new emails
start robo vac
tell me the traffic condition from here to home
write down that i am going to meet with jenny on the third okay
download the latest folk songs having rating of four star or above and play all without shuffle
turn off one light on porch
please turn on all lights
wouldn't know.
what day is this event scheduled for
on twenty third february rahul will come with me on india cricket match
what is the temperature i am supposed to cook this lasagna at
what's the latest news about us election
blanket definition
play me the latest podcast about online surveys
please turn down the lights in the house
yeap that's correct.
i no longer need to see the doctor can that event be removed
please confirm details.
it is ten am in eastern standard time what time it is now it pacific standard time
find me the smallest coffee shop in new orleans
can you set my alarm for seven thirty am
please turn the lights up
reply an email to jason that i will not come tonight
make me coffee now
any upcoming events
where is the statue of liberty located
add juice to my grocery list
what is the traffic today
i want to and my email address
is there any program for tomorrow evening
blot me all the phone calls planned for the morning of twenty three march
the location is my office
you are helpful, appreciated.
remove the santana music list
hello my item which i bought from some one has gone out of order
robot do the whole house now
please delete list titled kickball
i need the times for the south bound train on allison rd
that's all, cancel it.
where is morocco located
book a train ticket from baltimore maryland to new york new york
give me the exchange rate between united states dollar and canadian dollar
buy train ticket
move forward to the next episode
make me a cup of coffee
set my alarm for twelve pm
please remove my next event
Where is miami
next podcast
i want you to play the podcast
did you get my last command correctly?
can you delete all events from my calendar
volume up
tell me if i should use the train or bus to get across town today
please create a new contact information about jo
do you know math
tell me what one plus one is
have no idea regarding to what to select, olly.
my events
what are the chances of the stock market closing below the two hundred moving average in the next fourteen days
what's the latest on the travel ban
can you change the lights to white
how is the stock going in general
start the radio now on low volume
tell me the artist of this song
what do i need to get done today
shuffle the songs in the music library
what is the lowest microsoft stock price today
i want the lights turned off
any signs of rain
retrieve the light for me
olly please just stop.
switch on light
cooking recipe
go back to previous episode of podcast
please will you shut up.
what should i wear is it cold outside
vacuum living room
angry bird play
give me the details on elton john
near by grocery
remove books from list
please show me lists
change channel to one hundred and three
what's the meaning of rumplestiltskin
please send a reminder email to peter and ask him how long he will be taking to prepare the presentation ppt
what is my most played song
email mahmoud
annie could you please search the internet and play the videos for cooking italian food
start a new shopping list
raise the lights
take me to music player
how deep is the deepest point of the grand canyon
add light
please turn the volume to the loudest setting
i need a high volume
please shut down.
how many species of bees are there in the united states
tell me the simple interest of seven with interest in two year
can i have timing of keral express
what is the customer service feedback
book me a train ticket to atlanta please
how much is the us dollar versus the pound
tell me why relationships are so hard
please will you shut down.
how much is a g. b. p. in u. s. d.
remind me to eat when i get home
what is the weather going to be like on march twentieth two thousand and seventeen
is it true the gym is seven miles away
play am
play for me the game temple run
i would not know, olly.
open radio frequency ninety nine point five
what is the geographic info of a pop singer rahman
what's traffic likexchange on four hundred and forty one
i want to start a new list of power tools on sale at true value
do you want to play
give me some lavender toned light
solve the calculation
what is my afternoon schedule tomorrow
don't let me forget i have a parent teacher conference this monday at four hundred pm
decrease twenty percent
give information about the traffic near my location please
can you please change the time zone to us
give me recipes
can you confirm what just said please.
do i need a light or heavy jacket today
it's cool, thanks.
title of song
i need to set up a new list
let me know the weather for today
how many pounds do sixty kg make
tell me whats on the web
delete that item
what is amber stevens address it is in my contacts
how many rupies are in a dollar
what is dollars in pesos
bring up papa pear saga
would not bother, olly.
how can we prepare biriyani
wouldn't really care.
any good bike shops in oxford
list shops in douglasville ga
we need milk
got it exactly.
i'm thinking of a number one to ten
that's useful, musch appreciated, olly.
you did nice job, thank you.
what is happening on facebook
do i need a rain coat today
move to the next episode of hipsterhood
give me the train time
add new item
how many lists do i have
please play michael jackson album
what is the fastest way to get to starbucks
set an alarm for me for tomorrow
show me a video on cooking fried chicken
is the thanks giving event on fourteenth of this month true
play jumper by third eye blind
make a list of camera photos
what is the result of one hundred minus fifty
what is the cooking time for boiled eggs
will you shut down please.
schedule an alarm to wake me up after three hours
wemo plug socket on
switch off the master's bedroom
that is excellent.
shut down please.
what ingredient can be used to replace white wine
what is the news about terrorist attack in afghanistan
please increase the volume of the current song
post to twitter trump is such an ass
could you please check and confirm last thing i said.
power off wemo plug socket
is it going to be cloudy in london during the weekend
read me back whats on my shopping list
show stock value of goog
i need to go to dundee at five am on sunday by train
send a tweet about sonys volume issues
tell me when the hockey game tickets are for
bring up facebook and wish a happy birthday to the country usa
list of playback of ar rahman collections
what are the train times today
let me know when it is ten
what's jesse's birthday
activate the roomba
louder volume please
does my co worker have a home phone number
what do i need to pick up at the grocery store
exact.
any recent news about north korea
meeting july calendar
what are all the lists i have available
i like you to check it please.
tell me about the stock for shell
do i need to carry umbrella for evening
a cup of coffee please
add to calendar an medical appointment for the first day of the next five months
show me my reminders
send mail to mom i am planning vacations with her next week
erase my next calendar event
delete this item
start cleaner
where is band playing
does the robot vacuum cleaner have to be plugged in
give me the name of all the shops in my area
don't mind to choose any one.
please delete all meeting after seven am
alarm five pm tuesday
is there any traffic
on my grocery list please add oranges
remove events from calendar
is there anything exciting on twitter today
jump to next podcast
you are awesome, i appreciate it.
it is of no importance to me, olly.
set an alarm for twelve
start cleaning
add alarm
play all third day
it is too dark in here increase the brightness of the lights
is it joes birthday soon
what is two plus four
tell me the recipe for mashed potatoes
where does tar work currently
play from favorites song
remind me to water my plants every tuesday thursday and saturday
please set my alarm for five pm
can you just cancel please.
set alarm on twenty fifth may at five pm
how long will it take to drive to long beach
create a new list called grocery store please
order a train ticket to los angeles now
that does not matter for me.
the command was confirmed.
add sam@gmail dot com to my contacts list
how is this weeks weather
delete from the calendar the next event
rowan atkinson info
please find a contact number of jayesh and tell me
remember this email
how long does it take to get the train from rome to paris
dim the overhead lights a tad
what's the stock price of this
play power one oh two point three
i would have avoided the traffic if i went early
how tall is roraima mount
what's the rate between the u. s. d. and ukraine's currency
how is weather on such and such day
let me know when my meetings are on monday
how many cups in a quart
please speak up
book me a train ticket to new york city on the third i don't care what time
what's the exchange rates
yes you've done command exactly.
add every girl life by evelyn mayer to the must read list
what is the average speed on main highway
please look up clothing stores near me
clear up my calendar
play next doctor who episode
what does the traffic look like headed to la
send mail to bubbles i want to meet her tomorrow at two pm in office
please raise the light i am not comfortable at this
yeap you've done that right.
lets hear wgrr one hundred and three point five
what is traffic like right now
is hayden still living on turnpike lane
add a new email in my contacts from john
what shops are near me
open radio
please make the smart socket turn off
Show geographic location of pyramids
play music for me
show me my events
give me the headline news
give me the exchange rate between united states dollar and japanese yen
when does iphone stock usually drop
all food items with the prefix dry should be taken away from the list
bring up twitter to target customer service
robot vacuum the living room now
who is the president of america
set up each day an alarm at ten time for my meal
can anyone tell me what's you guys discussing
tell me the list about
tell me how to make garlic bread
do not really care.
customer service from microsoft never called me back
can you increase the volume of the speakers
increase the volume a bit
pink is all we need
olly that would be all.
put working out on my calendar for eight am every day this week
i need to change my house lights colour to blue
olly that is enough, cancel.
who is the music director of this song
is there a train from philadelphia to new york city at noon
i need to create a new to do list
on the music player set the volume level at sixty
turn out the lights
show conversion rate of u. s. d. and euro
whats the best way to france
how do you feel after hearing justin bieber's new album
send an email to my wife about next week weather
turn on my pandora radio
start vacuuming
how is the traffic presently near central park road
play one thousand and thirty seven fm
how much would it cost to buy a share of target
when is boy band playing
turn off the light in the kitchen
channel seventy two point five
what is the title of this song
that does not matter for me, olly.
by switch off
switch on all the lights
how have megatel shares done last week
thank you for your response, olly.
smart plug socket off please
remove pepper from my grocery list
change up the light colors at home
is it sunny in gonbad now
what is the population of florida
please send a voice mail to mr richard office about meting him on first of february twenty seventeen at five pm
what does pesto mean
find a recipe for chicken alfredo
remove dust with vacuum cleaner
what is on my to do list today
get the roomba to clean up
who is singing that song on now
what is the current traffic
tweet complaint
lights dim
olly that is enough, cancel it.
play the radio band with sports commentary
please can you confirm details.
recommend songs based on my playlist
find me the distance and direction by train to rccg in ikoyi lagos
automobiles
what are the current stock prices for google
set an alarm for five minutes from now
make appointment for next friday
are there any events on my calendar for this week
what is the condition of traffic from work to home
are there any tornado warnings today
define rumplestiltskin
is there a contact named allen in my list
stock google find out
find me a cheap train ticket for miamy
find a train going from prague to brno
could you please turn on the plug
please turn off the lights in the kitchen
remind me every year on this date of
can you please buy me a train ticket
olly i need the living room vacuumed can you turn on the vacuum cleaner
who is singing the song i am listening to right now
show me the picture of the singer
post new status
what is the price for marvel
i need the time zone from london england instead of central time zone
can you turn off one of my lights in my bathroom
book a train ticket from washington dc to savannah georgia
what's rene phone number
it is unimportant for me, olly.
delete event from mine
enable smart socket
get the roomba to start cleaning
meeting update my calendar to reflect meeting
turn off sockets
does not really matter to me.
i don't really mind to choose any one.
change the bedroom lights to green
yeap you've got command correcly.
that's enough, just cancel it.
turn off the living room lights
make coffee
play favorited podcasts on fishing
what are the news notification
that's amazing, thanks, olly.
change my music player volume to eighty percent
could you check and confirm what i last said please.
please check my coming up events
turn on the rice cooker socket
tell me the landline number
please tell me what lists i have
olly set my alarm to go off in an hour
tweet my current location
please make the lights blue
save my contacts
can you please disregard the party that i will be going to this weekend on my calendar
tell me lexmark's current stock price
let me know if linda posts anything on my facebook today
what is the traffic like this morning
tell me about the sports stadium
give the shortest route to the airport
you've done it right thank you so much.
remove cart list
is traffic light
what is on this specific list
do i need to pick up the kids from anything today
can you turn on the vacuum cleaner
recite the schedules of the list
all rccg march event is to be added to my calendar
what's going on in new york
shut down the garage light and set the den light to orange please
order a latte from starbucks
post to facebook at the spa yay with a smiley face emoticon
please put this playlist on shuffle
wake me up at this time
what went on in the world today
i want to remove apples from list
tweet customer service not good for lpg service in my twitter account
what's the pound to dollar exchange rate
i need to submit a complaint
shut off the lights in the kitchen
change the volume level to nineteen please
lower the volume please
make the lights shine blue
change this time zone to washington
play radio station
set an alarm for two pm
play a party music list
i want the smart socket off now
remove john's birthday from the calendar
i would not really know, olly.
show me all the shops that i can find in milan
play the radio
i do not really care.
please let me know when is sam's birthday
tell me about joose
play uno together
what is the current stock rate of facebook
schedule a sales meeting for wednesday at eleven am
how much rate will be calculated
yes you have got my instructions perfectly.
am i going to swim or work today
can you give me the newest phone number for bobby mcgee
it was good one, thank you very much.
good response to the command.
tell me the exact arrival time of train from newcastle to edinburgh
lights at percent
can you check and confirm what said please.
will you cancel it.
equalize the bass of this music
tell me my friends most recent update
tweet at united airlines i'm angry you lost my bags
list of the nearby restaurant
can you tell me what's on the schedule for tomorrow
define flabbergasted
new scenario time or calendar to new list
please check my facebook account
can you turn off the living room lights
open the list
do i have any new tweets
you have got the answer exactly.
we should play nfs at high speed
what's going on on wall street this week
put shoes on my list
would you check and confirm the question please.
turn all the lights off
list remove
activate the vacuum cleaner
what is currently trending on twitter
i need you to turn on the vacuum cleaner
play any pop fm channel
forward the mail to new email address
please repeat the current song is being played
i want to start a new list
id like to know if there are any accidents on the route that i am taking
remove all events from my calendar
tell me the details of the music playing
tell me my list names
what kind of lists do i have saved
will it snow next week
where is steven spielberg living
please check the exchange rates of the us dollar vs the euro
make coffee at six am
what cd is this song on
create list
can you start the coffee machine for me
book a ticket for me on a train to get to boston tomorrow what is available
check my twitter notification
how many songs did michael jackson write
please play next episode
add pencil to school supplies list
direction to local train station
let's play workout playlist
hey go from off to on my vacuum in five minutes
can we play twenty questions
this is of no importance to me.
initiate celine dion music
please remove the appointment which i have made with mrjim
book for me a train ticket to new york
set a meeting with tom tomorrow at seven pm
cnn
yeap you've understood the answer right.
convert one euros to us dollars
i have no idea for what to do, olly.
which song is this
search the contact
do you know the definition of school
give me details of my twitter handle profile including the total number of followers
can you play my favorite music
play bbc radio four
skip to next
my facebook update in every three hour should be available
turn off wemo plug in game room
turn all lights off during the day
how many new emails since i last checked
add email address iamironman@gmail dot com
any local news stories for my home city
will you put on the music
whatever is okay for me.
open events this week
turn up volume of music
can i have my list
what does snafu mean
how heavy is the traffic on the i fifteen in las vegas this hour
if it's midnight in colorado what time is it in munich
how many pounds would i get for dollars
in five sentences let me know the procedure of making thanksgiving turkey
how is coca cola stock doing today
tell them that their lines were too long
have i made loss in which stocks
delete all recurring staff meetings
send a tweet to safeway about water in my gas
what is the stock price of hdfc
you did nice job, appreciated, olly.
show johns office number
you are my hero, thank you very much, olly.
please add oranges to my grocery list
what lists are in my notebook
do i have the contact of tara john
tell me what is on my calendar for tomorrow
lights to fifty percent
olly that's enough, cancel.
what music do i like
play npr on this station
check for recent news stories on msnbc
currency to currency rate
tag you're it
give me the details on purchase order
what is a good vegan egg substitute
play the next episode of drunks and dragons please
what's still on the list
set an alarm at six am tomorrow
search for the best spagetti recipe
i'm not doing thing this week
book me a train ride
clear all events on my calendar
please make me a cup of coffee
go to social media and post the following status
show me share price of tata
please send me info on how to go about purchasing a train ticket to new york
i want to know the best super market in this local area
what is the exchange rate between money i'm the united states and switzerland
start coffee at six am
i need to get a ticket via train to orlando from hwood
cnn world news
what is the weather update for tuesday
will it rain in the noon
hey turn off the light please
what's thirteen plus fourteen
conversion between dollars and pounds
send the following email to bro hi come down for dinner tonight
send an email to grandma saying we are dropping by on saturday see you then
define what a wizard is
please turn off the wemo plug socket
add item
email alice to let her know we are on the way
can you change the light colors in the house
really don't mind, olly.
please alert me when john emails me
turn coffee maker on
you helped a lot, i appreciate it, olly.
how bad is the traffic near the airport
how many grocery stores are located in my neighborhood
please tell me what a crankshaft is
what are i. b. m.'s stock prices
what is the square of 4
find me the earliest train ticket departing friday morning to miami
read unchecked email
tell me about city traffic
shuffle song
please turn socket off
how bad is traffic this morning
add new items in the remainder list
how old is joanne
turn up the sound
play the urban radio station
prepare coffee
make us a brew
did i receive any email in the past hour
put sam@gmail dot com in my email contacts list
initiate the music on the electronic playlist
i have a meeting at noon today
remove this from the list
how many kilograms is two hundred and ten pounds
you are my hero, thank you, olly.
define and describe an ultraviolet ray
tell me when it is five pm
turn off the light in the living room
add a tab to the shopping list
hey send an email to my friend
clear all events for this month
what is fourteen divided by two
add new songs to playlist
turn on radio now
play the latest seahawks podcast
yeap you have done answer exactly.
i need the volume to be louder
euro to u. s. d.
i want to hear yesterday's podcast from my favorite channel
give me the specs on the bugatti veyron
can you check the facts on this issue
is jimmie's party on friday cancelled
what is my list
make a meeting with friend
play nine hundred and seventy one
who was the first president of united states
what is level of traffic at washington
prepare a new list
lower the lighting
could you speak up
move to next section
please tell me what is the stock price of dew in ny market
how many hours difference is there between london and new york
please will you just cancel.
check for all emails from tom brady
use that email address as a contact
olly please shut down.
will you please show me my lists
could you please shut up.
delete the last list
what is the temperature today
is the traffic smooth right now
show stock of goog
is now a good time to sell some euros
what is twenty percent of one hundred and fifty
set up a train ticket for next week Friday
lower lights in kitchen
what is the exchange rate between the us and canada
hotel california is sung by whom
please remind me that i have a meeting tomorrow ten in the morning
add meet with dave at subway on weber on four april at five pm
can you please confirm last thing i said.
play a podcast about latest yoga videos
olly shut up.
will you confirm that please.
yes fantastic response.
wake me up at ten
what awards did erica grebe win last night
and the light began
erase shopping list
find tacos near my home
yeah great response.
what is happening in the world news
check my last post on instagram
could you change the lights colour to green please
increase the volume please
select and play only christian rock from one thousand nine hundred and ninety upwards
turn off the lights in the living room
you understood the answer right.
what is the sum of fifteen ninety nine dollars and six sixty five dollars
remove the doctor's appointment i added to my calendar for february twelfth at nine am
off all type of active devices
turn off overhead light
turn on console
is it true that susan's birthday is on march first
compose an email to parisa
that is of no importance for me, olly.
set a repeating reminder alarm for the facebook event i have to attend on seventh april
format data from calendar
how much does the fb stock cost
you are my hero, thank you so much, olly.
adjust the lights to a lower setting please
send a tweet about my complaint on my truck to consumer digest
convert ten inches to centimeters
can you remind my next meeting with my boss one hour before it will happen
make the lights blue in here
please provide the contents of the list
describe a fifty inch smart tv
you are my hero, appreciated.
what's the capital of tanzania
can you play a game with me
are there any new snapchats
add carl's email to my contact
olly please will you shut off.
display exchange rate of euro to indian rupee
write this message to the coworker group
what is hair made up of
please send a complaint to someone
what is the name of this song playing right now
what are the titles of the lists in contacts
what do you use to make cookies
make the lights off
what conducts heat better copper bottomed pots or cast iron
yes the command was confirmed.
forward email
transition to another color for the lights
show ana number
switch the lights to blue
please use shuffle
activate the robot and vacuum the floor
can you please create a list for me
please check recent emails from new contact
i'dl like to hear any classical except for bach or schubert
it's good one, appreciated.
clear the list
take me to the most popular post
do you know the name of the song that is playing
turn off kitchen light
i want to hear program one on lastfm
i want you to go to hot one hundred and five on the radio
what's my next events
select the contact
please slow down volume of speaker
here's an email address
make the room light blue
strongly agreed.
co play game monopoly
i want to listen to the radio
check the details please.
can you turn up the lights
what is my most played podcast
delete the list created yesterday
next episode of nyt podcast
do i have the address for the apple store in my contacts
Set a alarm for the day
find the list
set an alarm at six in the morning
put an alarm and wake me up at six am tomorrow morning
slightly raise the light
when is the last train today
initiate the robot vacuum cleaner
olly that is enough, stop it.
what is the google stock at
should i wear gloves tonight
switch from blue to yellow lights
wemo plug socket off
on january twenty five set meeting for twelve
put the last song on repeat
repeat alarm
wake me up at four am
when was frank sinatra born
turn down the lights to medium
send an email to juanpedro@gmail dot com
what meetings do i have between eight ten today
dim the lights please
could you stop please.
add wine to list
please set the alarm for seven
do you know how to cook risotto
turn off the smart socket
i want an alarm for six am everyday
would you check my last question please.
make my calendar empty
i need a reminder alarm at one
play happy playlist next
turn on my son's room plug socket on off
what is new news for today
what are some good restaurants near by
what is the stock price for lexmark
olly that's all.
i can barely hear you
will it be rainy tomorrow
mobile shop
please delete this event
show me the stock prices of target today
increase volume
what are todays top podcasts
has anyone tagged me in a photo on facebook
what time will it be locally at nine am bangalore india time
do i have any new messages in twitter instagram or facebook
i need to know current weather in new york city
delete all scheduled events
what is the capital of china
any recent emails
what is twelve times eight
list phone and email id of robert
please can you confirm last thing said.
what's in my list of tasks
make the coffee
should i bring an umbrella today
is there any new news on trump
whats the travel time from here to dallas by train
please reply to my boss most recent email and say that the ppt will be ready in one hour maximum
write complaint to wallmart
please play workout playlist
that is of no importance for me.
turn on the local radio
power on wemo
fantastic job, you did well, olly.
do the knicks have a game at home tonight
help me start my kitchen list
what is the meaning of the word sanctimonious
give me charles telephone number
would you shut up.
Play something random from google play
turn down volume twenty percent
play all songs by metallica on shuffle
which bank will give better rate for currencies i have
that's useful, appreciated, olly.
i want the email to be sent to my new email address abc@gmail dot com
please decrease the volume of music player
any sport event is on my list
did tracy update her facebook status today
whats the average temperature in mangalore for this week
what traffic is there on the route to the pittsburgh airport
yeap amazing response to the command.
what's on my list to do today
delete the list item about the meeting
lights out
what is the answer to four plus four
thank you so much for your helping.
can you look up and add john's old email to my contacts again
remove the second row from the list
do i have a meeting today
please remove march nineteenth's scheduled event
do i need pants
make a list of numbers for me
anything is fine.
list new emails
what is the answer to two by two
what is traffic like
get the cleaning on
what time is twelve pm eastern time in pacific time
start playing fm ninety six point five when it is one pm
pull up the shopping list
what train companies are near me
turn on wfrn ninety nine point one
find jhonny's address
what happened to the dow jones today
read out the list
please start the vacuum
start vacuuming now please
please shut off.
replay my last played podcast
when indianapolis express will reach indiana
anything would be good with me, olly.
where do people shop for clothes here
it should spices
disable smart socket
can you make me some coffee
what is the meaning of the word home
who sings this
please update my grocery list with one gallon of two percent milk
can you check train schedule to berkeley
how much is two thousand five hundred philippine pesos in dollars
what does i seventy five look like
is there any stopped traffic on route eighty today
do you know about this lyrics
what is mom's email address
turn off lights of kitchen
set on second january about soccer match of manchester
please post so bored to facebook
please clear my calendar for tomorrow
how cold is today
please check if i got any emails from mom
start podcast mlb daily
create an email that needs to go out to my family
please turn the music up
can you tell me on tuesday to give jane a call
turn on wemo plug in game room
go back
and the pound is doing how badly against the euro
its cold outside
what am i listening to
lower the lights in the living room
what is time of indianapolis express
i want the room to be less bright
change the colours please
what does tacobell stand for
tell me the exchange rate us versus indian rupees
tell me the exact count of followers on my twitter handle as of today
olly please read me today's news
what time will i arrive in austin tx
go to beginning of previous episode
you rock, musch appreciated.
send answer to george
make the ceiling lights brighter
i challenge you to a game of tic tac toe
yo i need a coffee now
how many yen for each dollar
give me the opening stock price of acer computers
please send the email to abc@gmail dot com instead of xyz@gmail dot com
yeah that's confirmed.
road traffic
yeah you got your understanding perfectly.
what is the current value of yen in american money
my new health check up new list
fetch me two train tickets for the earliest train to paris
turn on wemo
it is cloudy today
is adele going to go on tour
start up the coffee machine
how many of my contacts live or work in detroit
turn on my wemo socket
turn off the garage light
make me a strong cup of coffee
how is a typhoon defined
anything would be okay with me.
add rebecca green to my list of favorite contacts
any new emails after five pm
i want the wemo socket off
check email from john
show latest news about migration
set lights to twenty percent
give a last minute update on incoming emails please
set the lights on blue
please will you check my last instruction.
add bob to my list of contacts
it's dark in here
please change color of light to pinkish
how big is the tower of london
what is an alternative to flour
remove any kind of list
please set my coffee machine to start at four pm time
what is the fastest route to town
how to make chicken tikka
what events are going to happen in my city between two four pm today
amazon stock price
play the most current episode of levin
am i going to need a jacket tomorrow
does pink have a new baby
activate a one week notification before my anniversary please
send an email to bob
clear off the vet appointment tomorrow
do i have banana in my shopping list
will you shut up.
how was the traffic now
travel book a train ticket
i need a ticket on the train to new york city tomorrow
send email new address
what is nine time ten
how is it outside
tell me about my upcoming week
how many dollars is twelve pesos
yes answer was amazing.
start cappuccino for me now
give the list of theaters in the vicinity
let me hear some bluegrass music
give me red lights
who's emailed me recently
how to cook that meal
can you pull up the latest time so i won't be late for my appointment
who is the contact that last called me
find me a description of morel mushrooms
order a train ticket to boston
edit list
are there any new emails received after four o'clock today
add an alarm for tomorrow morning at six am
i want to know the stocks of amazon
i don't want to attend the dinner on march first any more so could you remove it from my agenda
please provide world hot news
tell me about mary s.
search for a train ticket to newcastle
how many work contacts are in my phone book
olly please would you shut down.
play some boy band music
let's play you'll be the keeper and never change position
what is on this list
please update me on my social media accounts
start me a new list
when is the next train to philadelphia
play episode ten in the podcast
send an email to peter and ask him how is he now can i do something to help him
delete the grocery list
what i can do with laptop
play that podcast i was listening to yesterday
create a new shopping list
change the time zone from washington to new york
search for the correct game
i appreciate it, that's amazing.
what will the weather be next week
that's cool,, olly.
did you get the last thing i said correctly?
social info
turn off my smart plug in thirty minutes
play hurt by johnny cash next
i want the complete weather details of seventh march
lower battery consumption to save setting
get me latest updates from facebook
how old was elvis when he died
multiply one thousand by twelve
tell me the temperature in pheonix
how do i make mashed potatoes
what is time now in japan compared to usa
find me a nice restaurant for dinner
please check and tell me where is the location of toms new business
delete last item listed
what is the home phone number of mark
delete my list
can you start the vacuum
currency exchange
find me a bar in cleveland open until two am
tweet to amazon about late delivery of my tv
add a reminder to april fourth to go to the dentist
find a shop that sells beer
book me a train for the next available train
reply email to charlotte
did anyone get engaged or give birth among my online friends
notify me an hour before my two pm appointment at the car dealership
activate vacuum cleaner
search the item
time to sleep
i would like you to check what last said please.
check detail please.
what are my reminders for this week
how smooth is marble floor
julie's information
i need to get going at eight am tomorrow set up an alarm thirty minutes before that
can you lower the lights
what can i substitute butter with
what is on my shopping list today
send twitter to mattel that they need to stop making toys in china
remove last played song
Define perpetual
i want you to check what just said please.
whatever will be fine.
get train ticket
describe blanket
count the number of food items on the list
give me the details of friend
turn the lights higher
set a thanks giving event for friday
get me a ticket to boston
yes that's correct.
check that.
hey i need you to make a list of cricket players of indian team who played for the international team in two thousand and fourteen
wake me at daybreak
turn down the lights in the living room
favourite podcast
switch off the wemo plug socket
please turn off any lights that are still on
please make me coffee without sweetener
olly i like you just cancel.
lower the light of hall percent
outside traffic status please
how to make sausage
what's coming up this week
play the next show on podcast
olly i'd like you just cancel it.
next week my uncle birthday
respond to my bosses email with the word that i will be in at four in the evening
convert one kilo to pound
please tweet a complaint about slow service at applebee's
what will be the highest temperature in coming week
delete the monthly recurring team meeting till june
i want to listen to podcast
can you please confirm what said.
can you please turn off the wemo plug socket
appreciated, olly.
send mom an email now
coffee please
how many lists do i have in contacts
can you tell me the next scheduled event
olly will you stop please.
why do people use avocado seeds
what is the name of that song
can you turn off the smart socket
please turn off the lights
please adjust the speakers to a lower more comfortable level
is euro the best currency to trade
play lady now
will you please shut off.
are there any shopping centers nearby
clean my house
remove the fundraiser for dolphines in april
what lists available
cancel the breakfast at tiffany's house
hey start vacuum cleaner robot
I'll take my coffee, black
let us play millionaires
what is the time difference between pacific and central
that does not really matter with me, olly.
fetch me the phone number of Alexander
is my friend rohit online on facebook
i do not really know, olly.
can you set my coffee machine to make me coffee at four pm time
what time does the last train arrive in dallas
you helped a lot, musch appreciated, olly.
please play red fm
what's the traffic on the one hundred and one
give me a description of iron fist on netflix
please tell me how many emails i have
i want to listen to the new sam harris episode
it was helpful, musch appreciated.
where is the closest train depot
tell me john's phone number
next episode
how much is fifty us dollars with in china
make the light more brighter
turn lights off in living room
what is the weather next week
put the item on the list
i do not know, olly.
who is the artist of this song
change lighting colours
throw away my to do list please
is there any rains predicted for bangalore today
give me some recipes for sheperds pie
directions please
play neil sedaka
remind me after a month
where is the hottest place on earth
what time does the train leave philadelphia
that's perfect, musch appreciated.
time mr coffee for six am
tell me what is in your list
let me listen to the latest lovett or leave it podcast
play the last next episode
lower the lights in the house please
what is current traffic in ohio
olly that is enough, just cancel.
convert current time from g. m. t. to est
please start the next podcast episode
whether it would be sunny in califonia
can you set the coffee machine to make coffee at three pm time every week day
post a facebook status engaged
read me the last email from stefan and oil change
you have done it correctly musch appreciated, olly.
please lower the lights a little bit
play music now from radio plus
cancel.
turn off the bathroom lights
would not mind for any one.
given me the exchange rates between u. s. d. and cad
vacuum the living room carpet
please check my last question.
doesn't really matter for me.
oh it's great job.
how far is france from miami
describe london for me please
please will you check and confirm it.
what are the ingredients necessary
open songs by prince
flip the wemo on
adjust the light option
send an email to bill that i'm sorry i didn't realize he was so sick
how hot are summers in gibraltar
make an alarm
is calendar event true
time to hear me some blake shelton
post to facebook I'm home
could you please lower the tone
turn off smart lamp in den
list all emails with subject contract
will the temperature be higher than forty tomorrow
what is rock sand
how do i deglaze a pan
erase all content in my calendar
please set an alarm for seven hundred and thirty am tomorrow
what are the estimated temperatures this afternoon
make a laundry setting for the volume at twenty
check for this mail in my contact if not then add it
what is the name of the lead singer in this band
i want to listen to a new podcast on healthcare
delete the item two from the list
play the radio music band
switch off all lights
confirm a travel ticket to german
brighten lights
any one would be okay, olly.
olly can you shut down.
how many emails do i have from work today
give details about the current traffic
calendar event send invite bill malinda
when is stassi schroedder's birthday
on the plug
check and confirm the instruction please.
turn off my wemo plug socket
try to play old nineties classic music
what does apple of my eye mean
stock price for sprint
compose a mail for jack
how many likes i have got on my eggless cake post on youtube
are there any grocery stores nearby
what is the exchange rate of rupee for dollar
currency conversion of u. s. d. and eur
turn my bedroom lights off
set alarm for one hour from now
make the lights blue please
send a complaint to sony about this tv that quit working
please make a coffee
great job, you have done well.
what is derek's phone number
what is scheduled on my calendar today
send an email to my mum that i will visit her next weekend
play the latest song adele
olly please can you cancel.
set alarm for tomorrow six am
please will you confirm the last thing said.
list out my meetings today
add grocery to list
can you check my last question.
can i have cup of coffee
show me what the ingredients are
what creates buttermilk
what time does the train depart from downtown los angeles to santa barbara
write an email to luke asking how the weather will be this coming week
what about the new york city traffic
can you play call me by aretha franklin after this song is finished playing
that's all, stop.
show me pancakes
what is the subject and who is the sender of my last email
confirm that please.
play true love next
put poker face by lady gaga next in the play queue
did i get an email from jen last night
myspace
what is the best shop restaurant around angel
read me the most updated news on bbc
what time is the train to san francisco due
cancel my event on june nineteenth
show me share price of facebook
please wake me up at eight am
mail macs@xorg
that's amazing work, i appreciate it.
play chess
song info
how many dollars are there in a g. b. p.
turn on my michael jackson playlist
excellent job, you have done well.
tell me the name of my lists
yeap perfect.
i want you to confirm what i last said please.
how much is two thousand yen in u. s. d.
give me name and type of this music
what is on my to do list
please olly put on multi colored lightning in my apartment set for festival diwali
play solitaire
adjust light when i get home
can you forward an episode in the podcast
please run the vacuum cleaner
you are hero, appreciated.
can you pull up a recipe for spaghetti
delete all lists
is keith richards dead
you are awesome,.
prepare a coffee
buy me today train ticket to city leeds
keep me up to date on the election news
please will you check it.
what is the current weather in denver
what time is bina going live with her sale on facebook
what is three hundred and four plus one
can you give me details on john
can you provide me with the contact information assigned to this person
define god
how long i can go to dundee
keep me informed about bitcoin price
yeap your understanding was confirmed.
exact response to the command.
tell me the name of this music
has mary posted anything to facebook today
which is the next event coming up
what's going on on fb
continue onto the next podcast
what's on the list
will you please shut down.
it's a bit dark increase lighting
give me the definition of the word fondle
set list
is the birthday event on fifteenth of this month true
please can you confirm the command.
turn the lights down a bit
please let me know where david is travelling
book next ny train ticket
what are the train times from san francisco to new york
how many emails today
stock price for apple
play the podcast of barack obama saved in device
wouldn't really know, olly.
book a train ticket to mumbai for tomorrow
when is the next train to london
clear all from my iphone
turn on the tunes
re add eggs to the list
where is the nearest italian restaurant
i would like to make a post on times twitter
open sirius app and play the classical channel
a little brighter thanks
open a new email to contact
calculate two multiplied by two
local shops
how many emails do i have in the last fifteen minutes
find ny train time
make the lights a different color
i can't hear you
put dark colours instead of light ones in the house
next i want to hear shinedown
is it going to rain later
what is the netflix stock price
convert new york time to london
olly i would like you stop.
what did i tell susan in my last email
raise the volume of the speakers
when did dave matthews email me about the contract
bed room two lights off
what is this thing
please increase the light
remove the list
please tell me what is the definition of cylinder
decrease volume
i will need a scarf in afternoon to overcome sunlight
what is the traffic like right now on telegraph
what events are scheduled for me to do today
read that list back to me please
appreciate your helping, olly.
remind me to take out the trash
i would like to hear the theme song to this is us
what will the weather be like in austin on march sixteenth
please solve this math
set a reminder for my shopping trip tomorrow at five pm
what's on the radio right now
could you please check and confirm details.
rotate the light colors
delete this from list
what is laptop
turn off the wemo socket in the kitchen
appreciated, that's nice.
remind me of my twelve oclock meeting by eleven thirty
how is the traffic
jazz could be choice for me
where is the nearest atm machine
shuffle this playlist
what is the exchange rate of euro and dollar
olly that is all.
when is bank holiday
play my play list
delete the dog list for me
current traffic
check all new emails in my inbox
load up ghost recon wildlands
convert usa time in to indian time
the meeting with justin and katrina has been changed put it on thursday
convert the american dollar to the euro
give me the stock price of apple
is the road clear in florida
thanks for reminding me, olly.
what events do i have scheduled today
if i have twenty dollars how many francs is that
play the last radio channel
make a calendar entry for next saturday at ten am please
send an email to jesse
let me know if anything happens on that subject
could you please yell the answer out to me
is there any train plying from pune to mumbai tonight
remove father's day from calendar
olly that's enough, just stop it.
can you give me the latest sports news
take milk off my grocery list
have any emails come in since four hundred today
could you please check and confirm the detail.
set an alarm for eight am
please turn on my music
tweet bad day at starbucks
i'd like you check and confirm that please.
what is john smith's home phone number
what does the list contain
ensure i have to get up at six in morning
how do i get from my house to the target along I forty
show me the train schedules to the metropolitan opera house
mahaboobsayyad@gmail dot com
send message via email
traffic
can you take out dentist appointment from my calendar
what pubs are close
make the volume lower
what high school did halley barry go to
nearest walmart location
any traffic issues today
please turn down the lights in the living room
play that podcast please
make me a coffee please
is this my sisters cellphone number
can you put this on facebook
i want the light in the kitchen powered off
what is the time difference between central and eastern
just stop please.
can you please turn on the coffee pot to make me coffee
notify me about the meetings over a period of some days
what is the sensex and nifty points for today
when is my next appointment with dr smith
add this email to my address book
open fishdom game
please turn off my patio lights
please can you check and confirm last thing i said.
please play a podcast
please turn my speakers on google
make a new alarm
i need you to add this email in my contacts
start playing podcast about books
add this new email
tell apple in a tweet that their batteries don't hold enough charge
switch to night light setting
has any mail received with an attachment
have i gotten any emails lately
tweet a complaint to old navy website
please play me a song from my favourite list
what does the analysts say about the new immigration policies
i need to add this new contact for sam smith ssmith@yahoo dot com
google search the topic
what does joke mean
can you find a nice restaurant downtown
change the light to pink color
cancel my birthday party
set my alarm for six am
please update list with new item
wouldn't mind for any one.
stock details
would not mind to select any one, olly.
that was helpful,.
what is the sum of 9 and 12
hi what is happening in twitter today
what are the upcoming reminders
play the college baseball game
tweet my complaint to @consumer service
start music
turn speaker volume down
set alarm tomorrow at six am
change mountain standard to pacific
i want the coffee machine to make me coffee
move buying eggs item to trash from to do list
add the item to a list
give me directions for the place
please put radio in shuffle
how many euro will i get for ten dollars
let's play tic tac toe
show me how to cook a recipe
set alarm at ten am
how to make cheesecake
replay the musics
start vacuum
i think i ran out of this can you add it to my list
what is the result of two by two
puzzles and games app
when was justin bieber born
amazing job, you have done well.
what's the song title
what is the current weather conditions in chicago illinois
latest news
please don't shuffle songs in music player just playing continuously
what is four plus four
tell me what the product of eighteen and thirty one is
turn up the volume on my speakers
temperature this hour
turn up your volume
can you tell me a latest news
cancel list
what is five over three
what day of the week is my birthday this year
play bbc radio
shutoff light in the kitchen
will it be raining on thursday
turn the lights on
romantic light setting please
open calendar and erase all events for all months
which song is this one
i've heard this riff before what song stole this riff it's exactly the same
there is a pile of torn paper on the rug to suck up
tweet to mcdonalds saying that i found a hair in their burger
what is the weather for the school week
open radia
what does two plus two equal
yeah strongly agree.
louder
that's wonderful work, thank you.
what is name of the song currently playing
i need some sushi what's closest
show me future events
yeap you have got my instructions exactly.
book me a train ticket to newcastle
may i know what is trending in twitter
turn the sound up
how do i make cookies
open the radio app
yeap excellent response.
i need to see if i got any new email
play a game of contra as a second player
play let me love you by ariana grande
can you turn on pandora
turn lights blue
what music is being played right now
hi can you please turn lower the lights
more light
hips dont lie thats the song i would like you to play for me
send an email to george brown
please share up to the minute details on sprint
let's play some pong
increase the brightness in this room
play all the latest pop songs
where should i go eat tonight
lower hallway lights
tell company their service is bad
play for me hip hop music
set radio
turn on alarm thirty minutes before liverpool started to play
where is the event today
create an email to my brother asking him what time he will be over for dinner
start a list of dog names
set alarm for tomorrow at two pm
what is the time difference between here and there
check the events on calendar and delete the next event
i need the exchange rate for the us dollar and the euro
can you make coffee
please open my fm radio and play nine hundred and eighty seven
find me train tickets
hows many more reminders are left
can you tell me what twenty five percent of two thousand one hundred is
find the meaning of promise
please update me the traffic status
delete the scheduled meeting on fourth october twelve pm
remove my to do list
convert time zone to ist
make some coffee
tell me what's on my shopping list
turn off the lights in this room please
vacuum start
what is the time difference between eastern time and pacific time
the wemo plug should be turned off on
i'd like a cup of coffee please
please turn the lights brighter
give me my facebook update every three hours
convert one us dollar to british pound
yeah right.
erase my next event
tell me about the presidential race
what is trending
brighten my bedroom light
make a reservation for two at olive garden
find and queue all songs of kate perry and play all without shuffling
schedule my meeting with my girlfriend lisa in the night today at nine pm
i want to cancel the recording i have on the dvr list for this morning
what's happening in news express
do i need boots today
two thumbs down @companyname
am i free on sunday day
would you please check that.
start coffee
calculate two plus 29
please post happy birthday usa on my newsfeed
play radio ninety five point five
play song aces high
yes that is confirmed.
please negative response tweet on daikin service
loudly
clear my activities list for today
tell me the name of this song
add this new email with contact
how much does bde cost
what ingredient can be used instead of saffron
destroy all events
is it bumper to bumper
give me the number to mom
can you please make a coffee
turn on this socket
erase all events
reset all events in calendar
yeap the command was exact.
make the lights in my home yellow
i would like my to tell me the trend on foreign exchange rates
is there any post from my friend mike in facebook
give me a classical radio station
confirm that my notification is set to remind me when i leave
definition of velocity
have i gotten any emails from mom lately
what is weather today
turn the lamp off
i do not really mind for anything.
what is john's last name
increase the volume of the speaker
can you turn off the lights
add these documents to the things i need to travel with
make me a cooled coffee
how many mega pixel is listed in the description of the canon
down the light power
tell my facebook group that i've arrived
please start the coffee
prepare my morning coffee
i want you to book a train ticket for me
cancel the plan of party
repeating event meeting on mondays
what music is playing
Show me news from cnn
what defines a triangle
that is good.
Play my favorite game by name naughty dog
make sure my shuffles are always repeat and always shuffled
repeat previous song
can you please change the mood of the light
tell me what is on my list
is the road in some particular area wide or narrow
sunny in oslo
cleaning is good dust is so bad do now your magic clean my carpet
google train tickets to washington dc
what is a good place for cruise
change the color of my lights to something random
yeap it's good.
what's the change in best buy stick
how is traffic
olly will you please shut off.
initiate to operate robot vacuum cleaner
play one more time
please decrease the volume of this song
play music that are classical only
what is today's close of goog
remind me of this meeting soon
show me the stock price for google
i challenge you to a game
go to favourite list
what type of cheese do i need for my enchiladas
cancel future event from place i worked
please tell me the name of this song that is currently playing
check my list
how soon is my anniversary
what is the climate here today
i want the robot vacuum cleaner to start at one pm today
what is apple's stock price
what is the cheapest ticket available next week for a round trip three day trip to iceland
find updates from vicki's facebook from mardi gras day
is this program is scheduled
delete my list of appointments for tomorrow
can you give me train times for ann arbor
please arrange to wake me up at three am alarm
how's the traffic
that does not really matter, olly.
open hershey twitter
do i have any new email from ryan
put out the lights
play random music
play for me the music by madonna
tell comcast their customer service is slow
switch off the wemo plug
can you please check what i last said.
anything would be good.
book train best deal
is it going to rain on monday
Please turn off shuffle setting
convert euros to dollars
please delete the last song that played from the playlist
speak louder please
how slow is traffic on the five
is there anything important happening on social media
send a tweet to kroger about spoiled milk
define love without invoking the term love
make an alarm for four pm
direct me towards nearest railway station
connect to lights
have stocks gone up or down today for walmart
tell me weather forecast
search jack in contacts
turn off the upstairs lights
turn off the room light
turn on notification for all news on the stock market
what will the weather be like on saturday
how do you zest a lime without a zester
send a mail to alex asking about the due payment
what is clint eastwood doing these days
i appreciate your helping.
what was the date when the plum street temple in cincinnati ohio was built
that would be all.
do you think i can wear sandals or should i wear sneakers tonight at seven pm
can you book a train ticket to berkeley for me
can you please off the light
crabmeat recipe
could you describe that object please
recipes
start a list
repeat the music
that is right.
yes strongly agree.
what's the price of ge right now
doesn't matter, olly.
find a non stop train to seattle
turn lights off in kitchen
what is this
show me the information of friend
check emails from gary for last hour
yeah it's confirmed.
please turn on wemo socket
play the song for me
its too bright in here
please delete what i just typed
can you do nine plus two
what friends were in popular places the last day
reply to the latest email
let wendy's know i hate them
am i available at five pm on sunday
what does a soccer ball look like
what list did i make today
play game with me
i would like coffee now
repeat this list in random order
please find the most popular store in the area
anything is ok for me.
doesn't matter with me.
turn off bedroom lights in ten seconds
i'd like you to check and confirm last thing said please.
the radio should play only on nine hundred and ninety nine fm
turn on the fan socket
play my latest podcast
erase previous list
it was good job, i appreciate it, olly.
do i have a doctors appointment today
weather forecast for this week
delete my dentist appointment
will there be snow tomorrow
you have done that perfectly.
please switch off the light
please show me the list that i have
go to next episode
how many inches make one feet
please play the song games by disturbed
could you please confirm if leonardo is married
could you check my last question.
what's the time difference between here and queensland
set my alarm for eight am
have no idea for which to select, olly.
run game
make a new contact with this email
directions to sainsburys
please change the light to green
how is the traffic around city center
bring up lights
remember to remind me about client meet at four pm
tweet i am doing well on twitter
i like you check what i last said please.
make sound louder
clean the carpets
look up information on mount rushmore
would not know.
make it brighter in here
wouldn't mind.
what is charles's email
power yourself on
get me the latest news of world
set the volume higher
please remove dinner date scheduled for this friday at nine pm
check and confirm the instruction.
how far above sea level is denver
do i have any new facebook notifications
don't mind for whatever.
please tell me the latest news about the election scenario in our state
show me upcoming programmes on one hundred and five point one
where can i shop as a local tourist
i am ready to hear the next episode of podcast
i do not know.
what is my wife's email
i wouldn't bother.
run coffee maker
what's next song on my playlist
headlines from dhaka tribune
can you please check command.
get me tom's number
change my room lights so that i can get a good sleep
turn off room lights
can you please read the my mom sent this morning at ten am
set a reminder i need to wake up at five am every morning
send will do thanks to john as a reply to his last message
please book train ticket to new york
what's the exchange rate between the us dollar and the euro
can i change this light to orange
remove birthday party
were the stocks rising or declining
dollar rate at present
rise volume
i want to change the color of the lights
make my lights blue
this event needs to be deleted
what's on my list
what's the most popular curry place in town
please add the meeting with ms boland on wednesday eight hundred am to my calendar
i'd like to send a reply
twenty minus ten
please make ke a coffee
are the streets congested right now
add this email address to my contacts and send an email to
change background
turn room lights off now
my coffee is cold please make more coffee
make a contrast one
tweet my complaint and mention this costumer service
remind me about calendar
play latest reason podcast
what are the definitions of orange
play radio disney
take out event from calendar
can you book me a train ticket to bombay for tomorrow in any train
power up the plug socket one
olly could you shut up please.
alarm
email dad how is the weather this week
i want to hear sleeptime playlist next
olly please would you shut off.
i have a complaint
yeah correct response to the command.
calculate a close integral of exponential function from zero to five
delete all details in event
show the method to prepare icecream
i want to go to mcdo
set the alarm for five am
please resume my music
please set the equalizer in the party mode
delete the events from the calendar on twenty eighth march
show me my social media notifications
launch super mario
get route for los angles from here
dollar rate
is there any new vegan news on facebook
within the past three months how many meetings did i have with mr richards
you've done that right, olly.
well done, musch appreciated.
please order one train ticket to los angeles
please search for dining tables
yeap good response.
erase next calendar event
what does speaker mean
book me a train ticket
turn on vacuum cleaning
headline news for texas
can you turn msnbc on in the car
turn the volume down
tell me a play list
please make arrangements to make the hall so brighter
i have no idea regarding to what to select.
have a moan at easyjet
you've done that correctly thanks.
chane light colour to green
describe joe for me please
play poker with me
tell me about current status of sunderland vs liverpool match
do not mind.
how do i reach sarah
what does settle mean
please purchase me a train ticket to atlanta
pleas reply to the mail of allen
rewind the episode of podcast
what is the timing of bagmati express
what new posts are on my page
remove events from my list
activate vacuum
please make a list of thing i have to shop tomorrow
please book train ticket from mumbai to sangli for tomorrow morning
how long was bryan cranston on breaking bad
shift the balcony light to off
Show me a traffic map from kamycka to dejvicka
switch off the smart plug socket now
i like you check question please.
what's the recipe for fish soup
what bars are around me
get me a train ticket to go to
remind me the upcoming meeting at four am today
would you please confirm that.
please change the lighting to blue
please i want to hear we will rock you from queen
check my to do list
what is the capital of new hampshire
where is the nearest restaurant here
please delete all meetings of today after seven pm
louder please
what country has the most population
remove apples from my shopping list
how do i cook a medium rare steak
please switch off on the wemo plug socket
where is a good wine bar near me
do i have a dentist appointment on monday morning
it's too bright in here can you turn a light off
fantastic job, you did well.
tell me the exchange rate for the yen
please open my contact list
hey can you make it blue in here
please can you check the last thing i said.
skip to the next episode of this podcast
start the gilmore guys
how are the top ten stocks at the moment
read the ticket for tesla
i will talk to you later on.
two by two is
turn up lights
tell me the name of the composer
what does this stitch long sleeved shirt look like
send me a wake up alert at seven am tomorrow morning
please let me know the exchange rate between indian rupees and us
tell me the exchange rate of ten dollar to euro
post complaint about service a
make the lighting bit more warm here
can you find my lists
shuffle music
show me the recipe of tandoori chicken
yeah you've gotten my instructions right.
send an email to with the subject as test and no content
please turn up the volume to twenty one
may i know what is trending in facebook
info of rowan atkinson
tell me when i need to leave the airport
please add smurfette@gmail dot com to my email contacts
can you remind me about my meeting tomorrow
play me some podcasts about getting rich quick
could you please turn off the overhead light in the kitchen
delete happy dance playlist
yeap it's confirmed.
make a coffee
can you reply to the email
hackernews
who's that song by
scan my inbox for any new emails from robert
switch light to lowest level in dining area
please go to settings of the music player and make the equalizer in the flat sound mode
i will talk to you later.
please find the recipe for meatballs
give me the shopping list
yeap you've gotten the command correcly.
what's the latest news on donald trump
brighten light
first week of march meetings
please check and confirm the last thing said.
what is marketing
what is the time difference between california and new york
start a game and play with me
please arrange to make all lights to show brighter
when was this song recorded
can you change the light colors into dark in the house
hey check emails
thank you for the response, olly.
get me directions to meijer
play npr through my living room stereo
traffic please
set alarm for tomorrow morning at six am
let me hear some music
u. s. d. to g. b. p.
create a playlist
please adjust the colors in my lights
answer this mathematical question
can you create new list for me
what is apple's stock
how are things in the world
set an alarm for four in the afternoon
please can you check that.
where is the nearest pub in the city
add new item to list
seven times seven
can you brighten the lights for me
what are the jobs to be done today
get rid of item on the list
turn off the bedroom lamp
give me some cafes near downtown fort lauderdale
siri find train tickets to nc
could you list out the list of trains heading to chester the day after
bring me ticket of train to city leeds
delete my next meeting
change light color to blue
i am unable to hear you can you speak little loud
in the following week repeat this event at ten am every day
yes fantastic.
when it's ten pm here what time is it in brisbane
did i receive a message from kevin
begin vacuuming
rm rf calendar
play music by taylor swift
you have done it right thanks, olly.
that's useful, thank you very much.
how many eggs are on my grocery list
look up the number of people living in miami florida
please add this email to my contacts
who wrote the song i just wanna dance with you
tell me what a freeway is
send email to nancy about tomorrow's work party details
i will no longer be joining mom for lunch tomorrow
use google to show me how to cook
turn on socket
i want some coffee now
i can't see turn up the lights
exchange rate of yan with dollar
inbox my family
do have any new email
i need you to remove item s from my list
delete last entry
confirmed.
what is the traffic like
can you locate some gospel music for me
get coffee maker started for a fresh cup
set notification for news on the stock market
thanks for the helping, olly.
what movies is kevin spacey in
define swerving
make me coffee
remove lunch with co workers on thursday
i need to set an alarm for next friday at noon
please retweet this post on twitter
tweet freedom pop customer service i am dissatisfied
what time do i work tomorrow
want to play a game with me
describe a rotor
set a meeting with hongbin
find shoe shopping near my home
buying of groceries new list
turn lights to green
whats the schedule for today
adjust media volume up
what is the definition of problematic
how me the highest weather this week
who sang the song that is currently playing
yeah fantastic response to command.
send an email to fred from work he is in my contacts
could you please confirm what i just said.
tell me about the meetings over a period of time
i want to listen to classical music
what is my next reminder
email james about the softball game james we need to get some refreshments before heading over
can you send an email for me to a new email address
i heard ale just got married can you please show me the wedding pictures on their instagram
play the veldt by
reach by mail to my family
what song is playing on windows media player
could you please check the traffic to our home
please change light color to purple
thank you so much for the help, olly.
skip this episode
give me directions to get from here to crescent city brewhouse in new orleans
what country was einstein from
up
where can i find this song
send a tweet to tmobile for rude employees
when is shakira's birthday
what song in the theme song for frasier
turn the lights down
could you please check and confirm my last command.
latest updates on syrian civil war
do i need to wear a coat today
remove the list of person starting from letter m in my contact list
could you check that please.
yeah you have gotten my instructions perfectly.
what time does the train arrive in sacremento
turn off lights in bathroom
start a new email to george brown
what are the list of things i need to buy today
shall i change my car tyres to snow tyres soon
that's enough, stop.
you've got the answer perfectly.
can you pull up the dave ramsey podcast that aired on monday
can you check last thing said please.
times clapping sound times
play maroon five playlist
begin vacuum cleaning
what is one plus one
play football match for myself now
what's the address for alex
four divided by two equals two
can you open the reply inbox
google stock price
how do i get from where i'm at to universal in orlando florida
delete item
play real racing three game
if it is twelve hours ahead of eastern standard centaur time what's the time in the philippines now
turn off the light in the bathroom
how many teaspoons are in a cup
cancel all my appointments after three pm today and inform me the details
are there any new snaps on snapchat
are there any traffic delays
check and see what will be the weather condition in new jersey at eight am tomorrow
how big is the grand canyon
what are the lyrics to this song playing
remind me if i miss my evening walk routine
what is the time train coming from sacramento
now i need to write an email to my colleague
you have gotten that exactly.
what is the time difference between california and michegan
i appreciate answers.
open calendar schedule event meeting
set a calendar event to repeat yearly on this date
find songs from my big band playlist
what is the nine am cst to est
get me a coffee
i want to know the latest local news of the city
what's one plus one
olly i would like you just cancel it.
yeap you've understood it correcly.
what is the factorial of x
what is home town weather
let's play a game how about tic tac toe
i would like you to check the question please.
can you add up thirteen plus five plus nine for me
does not really matter with me.
set alarm for saturday morning soccer practice at eight am
call me for this meeting
olly can you shut off.
send an email to frank and ask them what the weather going to be like this week
what will the weather be like this week
remove the item from list
what events are this week
what's the latest in my social media
what's jesse's number
what to do lists do i have
remove list item
you've done it correctly thank you.
play new radio channel
i would like to hear heathens by twenty one pilots
how do i cook meatballs
play only particular singer songs
how much money will i make for the week if i make dollars per hour and work twenty hours
turn up the brightness
hello i want to turn off my wemo plug
check and confirm that please.
how many g. b. p. can i get for one dollar
assistant please turn the lights off
activate the robot vacuum
please give me detail of o zaalima song
whats the name of the current song
did angelina jolie leave brad pitt
set the volume to low
look up stock prices for my mutual funds and account
what goes with risotto
cancel business meeting on wednesday
set a wake up call for ten am
read out my shopping list for today
show todays reminders
cook some coffees
could you check what just said.
can I get the recipe for chocolate brownies
who is the better half of obama
can i get the definition to ambulance
will it rain
tell me the weather for this week
list new
can you just cancel it.
spread some lights
please turn on radio on seven am
you are hero,, olly.
turn off the lights in the bedroom
what new messages do i have
increase the volume of the left speaker by ten
ted talks
cut off the bathroom lights
play national public radio
lower lights please
cancels lunch at the restaurant booked for march twenty five
play song over the rainbow
search earliest trains to brooklyn ny weekends and holidays
want to play a game
transition lights to blue to green to yellow
tell me what is on my grocery list for this week
confirm a railway reservation ticket to california
when was einstein's birthday
if i have five dollars how many rupies is that
tune in some radio
turn on the tv socket when i arrive home
set reminder notification for three o'clock
open email for unread mails
hey what is the definition of recipe
where is the best place to buy party supplies in town
what's the answer to one plus one
can you please check and confirm the detail.
would you confirm the detail.
what's the sum of the two numbers four and six
give me more light
write down meeting at seven pm
can you sync my calendar with mark
define the word novel
thanks for the response, olly.
what is now stock price of tata
how long is the walk from nyack to valley cottage
what are the coordinates of everest
tweet this tweet coffee was too hot and at this company costa coffee
how much is twelve divided by four
you have done it right musch appreciated, olly.
inbox this mail
fight me in street fighter
add new year with family next week
send an email to john
can you book a train ticket for me under dollars
give me the list of available train tickets from edinburgh to leeds
pull up all emails sent to me from amazon
check email client
alarm time for twelve pm
what is the dollar against the pound
on mobile charger plug
please set the alarm for eight pm wednesday evening
locate nearby dining places
please create a new alarm
what is john doe's address
get the next episode
do i need a jacket today
i have my clothes list
did paul email me recently
change the lights in my home to orange
is bills pager number in my contacts
change my alarms to mountain time
please add this song to work out playlist
can i find out information about a contact
u. s. d. to yen
tell me current situation of traffic near central park road
events happening between eight am and five pm today
let's hear some indie rock okay
tell me if five hundred and forty is subtracted seven time by twenty eight
play scabble with me
yes amazing response.
it's helpful, thank you very much.
increase lighting
exchange rates
i need some ambiance please
would you please confirm details.
turn up the lights in the living room
yes you've done your understanding correcly.
any one would be good to me.
i'd like you confirm the question please.
turn off the lights please
yeap strongly agreed.
tell me amd stock prices
tell me what lists i currently have
save email id
give me the definition of school
create a list of monthly groceries to be bought
is a peso worth more than a dollar
send mom the following email
what genre of music is in my music folder
send a tweet to meijer tell them that they have the worst customer service
yeap right response.
decrease speaker volume
yeap right.
what is john's phone number
show me derek's contact information
play me some melody song
can you tell me the price of google stock
increase volume by one
fast me the news of academy awards
where can i find a good taco truck in los angles
will i need an umbrella tomorrow
can you make the room brighter
what is the most current exchange rate in china
turn up the lights in here please
what is on my playlist of movies on the the dvr
i like you to confirm detail please.
how far is the distance to rccg ikoyi lagos from here by train
olly i want you just stop it.
i need a drink
Update my contacts with the new contact sam@gmail dot com
get me a seat on the next train going to new york
olly please can you shut up.
what are the train times between eight am and ten am at east chicago station going west on sunday
tweet a disgusted face about mcdonalds
decrease the volume
reserve a train ticket for me today to des moines
olly will you just stop it please.
play all by the beatles
raise the volume of the current music
Play best friends by yelawolf
can the lights be turned up
whats the definition of indignation
email me the lyrics to this song
hi please remind the next meeting with my boss it will be at eleven am next monday
reduce the lights
unmute after
schedule a journey to las vegas by train
which lists are present in the notes app
i need to book a train ticket to la
i would not bother, olly.
let's play a game of truth or dare
run the robot vacuum cleaner
create new list for baby names
what temperature should a baked chicken be
has anyone commented on my status
please turn off the light
what is mary s.'s phone number
whats the weather now
would you please check my last command.
i want to see the previous episode
will you please turn the lights off
what year what the eiffel tower built
the lights are too bright
how old is cher
remove milk from my grocery list
give me today's calendar events after six pm
can you turn down the lights by twenty percent
is black sea real
turn my bathroom plug socket on
play checkers with me
what is latest news about this world
can you remove remove buying eggs item from my to do list
yeah exactly.
remove night night playlist
if it's five am in berlin what time is it here
what is the definition of session
give me the update on traffic at new york
set alarm for twelve weeks from today at eight am
should i take an umbrella today
play ping pong
could you dim the lights
what does triumph mean
tell me what is next on my query
compose email
activate the vacuum
remove upcoming task
brew my coffee
is brad pitt married
make me a cup of coffee please
compare the stock prices for nintendo and sony and tell me which ones are better
play game
what is a work phone number of emilia
i need sport's news
kill item
do i have any new email
check what just said please.
tell me about price of stock for innova
delete my dinner tomorrow
make the bedroom lights light blue
what restaurants around here have good reviews
i'd like to listen to my favorite morning show in the car on the way to work please
find radio
it was cool, thank you very much.
delete everything on my calendar for the next two weeks
let me know when the next cold front is expected
what music do i usually like after work
do i have anything scheduled in my events
where is mcdo
change lights to blue
start email
remove a list of accessories purchase last week
do i have any new emails in my inbox today
how hot is it in quebec
can you tell me the phone number of me
answer email
did you get what just said correctly?
would you please confirm the instruction.
describe rock sand
have no idea regarding to which to select, olly.
did dan send me any emails
how do i bake a potato
get the roomba to clean the kitchen
read me new emails
lower the lights in the house
light off
where is a petrol station in five mile radius
i want you to remove the item from the list
remove the milk from the shopping list
how do you pan sear a porterhouse steak
get rid of a list
book a train ticket to boston tomorrow
make the lights in the house red
olly please can you shut off.
what's the value of the euro relative to nzd
house change all lights to blue
nearest restaurants available at this time
delete all my appointments for today
what's the best pizza shop nearby
i want to have a new playlist of songs
play music from good playlist
it's good job, i appreciate it.
let's play
remove the last item
could you please play the fm station which plays pop songs
play super mario brothers game with me
please inform me of any new status updates
on every tuesday remind me to go shopping
please book the five pm train to rockville
switch to los angeles time
what is the temperature
remove my car payment on the fifteenth from my calendar
turn off all the lights in the living room and den
i want to know everything that breaks about the dam breaking in california
send an email to my friend say birthday wishes
i want to take karate classes where are local karate studios
how about the latest news
please define forensic
arrange the list in alphabetical order that are available
play my favorite music
what is the stock value of google
subtract sixty from two hundred and forty four
do i have a date for tonight
will traffic be good when i leave in five minutes
how old is tom hanks
weather for the next week in new york
book for me a train ticket to washingdon dc
that is unimportant with me.
how much is remaining after subtracting four from eight
create new list
please show my list
i would like some coffee now
was einstein married
add wash jeans to laundry list
send an email to my boss about my leave
what is my eta to the office if i leave in thirty minutes
yeah exact response to the command.
please add item to list
check mom's number
find me a recipe for chicken noodle soup
tell me the current weather for danville il
i wouldn't know.
i like you confirm last thing said please.
could you confirm detail please.
it's eight at night in france what time is it in new york
i need you to set an alarm
can you speak louder
how's the weather today
add a new email contact to my list
listening song of arijit singh post it on my facebook account
it's right.
open pandora play rock station
please play the podcast from happypeoplecom
wake me up at six am
turn on vacuum
brighten the light of hall
book a first class ticket in the next train to miami
did mom text me
give me train times from station to location
increase the volume to seventy percent
play the next podcast episode
change the plan of meeting
is there a way to pull up information about a contact
remove list of due payment of rajesh
anything interesting happening next friday
olly that will be all.
today's closing price for google
i need you to have the volume louder
which song is currently playing
lights color red
delete that item from the list
add new email address
give me the definition of formidable
display volume strength on current track
did mark post anything new on facebook
please turn off the smart socket
use facebook to post
create a list of jewels to be bought
use vacuum cleaner in the hall
get sia's cheap thrills ready to play next
if it is four pm in missouri what time is it in london
will the weather be bad on Sunday
start bbc radio
delete the last line
i'd like you cancel it.
find the sum of thirteen and fourteen
hoover the carpets around
how much later is new york than la
check the news
can you please book a train ticket for next saturday to boston
email my boss that i will be late today because of an emergency and apologize to him for missing the meeting
you are my star, thank you so much.
remove item three from the list
why did gotse shoot mahatma gandhi
raise lights to full power
turn off the bass from the audio
take grocery buying off of the list
what is the home phone number for sarah
schedule a meeting with al on tuesday
don't really bother, olly.
raise the lamp's light
what chinese restaurants are in my area
you are smart, olly.
coffee
please look up best recipes
is the exchange rate changed from yesterday
hey olly my the lights a little warmer
please add list of things to buy for party
how to calculate trigonametry
how many people are following me on twitter now
reduce brightness
please turn off the light of my son's room
what is the list about my favorite songs
any incoming emails in the last five minutes
what's the best clothes store here
turn on robot vacuum cleaner
make all the lights in the house orange
outlet off
olly would you shut off please.
can you help me find the answer to this question
yeap you've gotten my instructions perfectly.
show me today all train times of next two hours at jodhpur to jaisalmer
now it's five thirty pm in india what about the time in ivory coast
turn the living room lights to one percent
tell me the top stories in the news
you did awesome work,.
turn off plug
what's the best italian restaurant in atlanta
what is frieda's home address
rj raunak programme play on ninety two point seven fm
you've got the command exactly.
remind me to pick up john from the airport tonight at eight
what is the exchange rate between the us dollar and the aus dollar
how do i make meal
show me emails from my friends
what was last sent to me in my social media feed
put the current song on repeat
when is madonna's birthday
i like you check and confirm last thing i said please.
thank you so much for the information.
schedule dinner with sara and jamie
play closer music track
hi olly post my last clicked photo on facebook with title marry christmas
lessen the speaker volume
what is the remainder when five hundred and twenty one is divided by three
play it louder
clean my entire calendar
that is enough.
remove that from my list
which is the nearest restaurants available
show a new list
add to calendar may two is mary's birthday repeat every year
please check episode number thirty nine
please erase the next birthday event
play for me the music by the beatles
top news
list the items on my shopping list
plays the podcast from the beginning
start poker game with me
olly please could you just cancel.
tweet consumer complaint
would you please check question.
i would not mind for any one, olly.
post this on my facebook
what is on my shopping list
show current track in music player
set meeting with the ceo tomorrow
please activate the vacuum cleaner
please play james altucher's podcast
secure train passage for me on july three
bedroom lights off now
how many calories did i burn between three and five today
please set alarm to my mobile phones
i want to play a game with you
check by inbox for me
let's play nine ball against me adapt with my skill level always let me win
book a rajdhani train ticket from mumbai to ahmedabad
put the disco lights on
what is happening in the world right now
i don't bother.
you are helpful, musch appreciated.
turn the lights brighter
please turn off the lights in patio
confirm last thing said please.
increase volume to fifty percent
get the coffee started please
play anything new from my podcast subscriptions
how many euro in u. s. d.
change my plan erase my next event
train times to new york
any one is good, olly.
light colour for study room
add the email oriam@gmail dot com to my contacts
is there anything i need to know before i activate the robot vacuum cleaner
increase light intensity
can you make me a cup of coffee
how much is ten euros in dollars
notify me of the latest news on the stock market
will you please play a podcast
calculate the travel time if i go to orlando by train
please ring the wake up alarm at eight am next saturday
turn socket off
add detergent to the list of things i need to buy
yeah you've got my instructions right.
please set the brightness of lightness appropriately in kitchen
what is the time at singapore when our time is five pm
get me the local train timing to destination cstm
resume last playlist
turn off the lights
double cappuccino small please
check stock prices on this
please scan my social media and tell me what's happening
can you please check and confirm what just said.
can you search trump
don't really know.
list the current price of microsoft shares
i want to see the news
yeah excellent.
how do i start the robot vacuum cleaner
you've got your understanding correcly.
play what i am by edie brickel
play scrabble with me
tweet a complaint to amazon about late shipment
that's great one, thanks.
yeap fantastic response.
why did bob dylan earn a nobel peace prize
what is new in politics today can you filter out trump news though
add a item
who recently posted on social media
am i on vacation this week
give me petey's telephone number
it's amazing.
you are hero, thank you very much.
honda stock price
can you turn up your volume
what is on my rap playlist
route to melbourne
can you book a train ticket
can you make some coffee
please turn off all the lights in my house
activate the radio please
tweet consumer service that the goods are of low quality
which place has more traffic
socket off
find me a recipe for carrot soup
how long should i cook a hamburger on each side
remove next meeting today in my calendar
please tell me about the historic facts about india
olly will you stop it.
tweet consumer service that the quantity is wrong
who is doing facebook live right now
i want all my events deleted
please answer jean's email
let's play space invaders together
turn house lights off
how old is clint eastwood
play the list from my favorites
invite people to the calendar event
i want to hear my favorite jazz music genre
please tell me the name of this band
set an alarm for tomorrow at six in the morning
i do not want to use the socket anymore
what tv show is jennifer aniston on
i'd love to hear any song that i've given five stars by serge gainsbourg
please list the best clothing shops near me
which film the music comes from what is the name of the music
how many bones does a human body have
give me the list of the top five safest cars to buy
does my calendar say i'm free on april one two thousand and seventeen
what is the linear equation
please would you check instruction.
remove my list of notes from last week
put the playlist on shuffle
switch off the plug point
make a catalogue
change the color of the lights in my house from white to yellow
tell me about neal adams
how many rivers are there in europe
how do you make pasta
what are the big news stories on twitter
it is five forty five am in liverpool what time is now new york
could you please check what said.
which continent has highest growth of cotton and what is average production
what is traffic to work now
evaluate today's schedule
set a notification for june fifth every year
write a tweet of complaint about my tv to samsung
any one will be good to me.
i need the lights in here to be turned up to seven
please make a coffee for me
please tell me some international news
start the robot vacuum cleaner at one pm today
get recipe for apple pie
book a train ticket from here to charleston west virginia at eight am today
how much is an euro worth
turn room light off
ticket for delhi
i wouldn't really mind, olly.
i wouldn't really care.
how do i set my coffee machine to make coffee
skip to next episode
what is the square root of one hundred and forty eight thousand five hundred and eighty seven
set coffee to brew at seven am
find new email
cross out bread from shopping list
i want you to turn off the plug socket before the cellphone is charged
initiate vacuum cleaner
could you get john's email address for me
please check my playlists for jazz music
get me updates from kenny's facebook from the weekend
send an email to qerwerq@hotmail dot com
what is the best recipe for tacos
do i have any appointments scheduled for march twenty four two thousand and seventeen
describe your list
open pandora app
which stock markets have lowered in the past three hours
this doesn't really matter to me.
how is president's trump office proceeding
please delete this item
delete the old playlist and create new
skip this one
could you confirm the question please.
tell chris i will be late through email
answer the equation eight times seven
there are anything in my list
play flappy bird
lower lights in my room
describe a romantic love
give me the names of my lists
play a game of chess with me
put this on my list
anything is good to me.
what is the plot of the most recent will smith movie
i would like you to check and confirm detail please.
clean the floor please
all new mail
give me the release date of this song
how is the traffic on I twenty five
help me book a train ticket
reply wishes to john by email
what the highest likes on facebook
i want to hear this week's midweek motorsport
tell me about donald trump
siri what does survey mean
send a reply to mike with the answer four hundred and thirty from his email he sent this morning
tell me the date when this song was recorded
please help me turn on the robot vacuum cleaner
please brighten the lights
let me know about upcoming events
start play road rash
cup of coffee please
did bert write me today
let me know about the stock rate of a microsoft
can we turn up the lights
who was the last person to email me
i need you to mark next monday
it's wonderful job, thank you very much.
email my mother
please tell me when i can become rich if i invested in dow stocks today and what will be the return after five years
increase volume please
book me a train ride covering five destinations to see in new york
do we have morgan's office's number
tweet a complaint to local municipality
clear my schedule for today
add sarah as email contact
shut down the plug
yeap you've understood my instructions perfectly.
let me know about current traffic in carmen drive
where is the closest kroger
what are my top played podcasts
please set the vacuum to start going now
would you check my last command.
recipes that can be cooked in an hour
delete my dr k appointment in march
did you get my last instruction correctly?
what does my facebook feed look like
i want to figure out the stock on microsoft
how long should i simmer rice for
show up the events for me today
would you play some music please
i need coffee
remove my meeting today at one pm
switch the lights to off
open spotify and play list five
fix the driving route from here to grant market
olly will you shut down please.
check item five on my to do list
turn off bedroom light at nine thirty pm
start a new list
perfect response to command.
remove twenty fourth march meeting from schedule
what have i got going on between three and four pm today
what is my email from steve about
whats happening in football today
search for local shops
anything will be ok with me.
my list please
please activate my coffee pot for me
what is the square root of nine
what did she just sing
will it be good to buy nike stock today
what's next on the list
turn the vacuum on
send email to marissa
send a test email to
what is the square root of thirty four
start irobot
jump to the next podcast
remind me to move so there is no weight gain
show me the weather forecast for the next three three days
what's happening today
i want to listen to one oh one point one the whiz
comcast sucks put that on their twitter account
play music playlist
reduce the strength of the bedroom lights
speak quieter
how many shares of apple can i get for
what did apple stock close at yesterday
can you add gloria to my list of clients
is the song by shakira
find me the cheapest train ticket to spain
what music is it
accident or normal traffic
send email to new email address
do i have any new entries in my inbox
i'm done with today's to do list
add eggs to list
book a ticket to paris on eurostar at five pm this Friday
are there any traffic restrictions due to the president's visit
which are well reviewed movies by emma watson
add the item to the list
tell me what's on my holiday list
what is jeff's number
check email for otp sent by my bank
book a train ticket for one one way for this tuesday at nine am
start making a coffee
make the speaker volume on maximum
do i have any private messages on any social media
lets go nazi hunting
i need directions to lowes in mount h nj
show me how to cook lasagna
are there any roadblocks
do i have to bring umbrella for tonight party
send this message to @microsoft on twitter
did i email tom on the subject of gun control
how is the traffic in florida
will you please shut up.
what is the nuclear triad
reopen groceries and add milk
buy a train ticket to
games
make coffee at eight am
what are the traffic conditions on the one hundred and one
play a song that will make me smile
what is this person's contact information
what are the prices to get to chicago on a train book the cheapest one
i would like to listen to howard stern on ninety seven point nine fm
what's trending on social media
please add new item to list
change the time zone from irish time zone to moscow time zone
is warren buffet is investing in my listed stocks
what time does the train from new york come in
please run this game
tell me how to cook meatballs
disable wemo socket
tweet a complaint to comcast
change lights from red to blue
i need to turn on the plug in my office for my computer
what is the dollar price in inr
what is the traffic situation at the bazaar highway
change the time in this location to ist
please increase volume
are there any backups on route eighty today
yeah you did the command correcly.
hey turn on your reminders for tomorrow's meeting at ten am
turn on my alarm
how many dollars are in a euro
next one please
check my social networks
yes affirmative.
enter this to a list
turn off living room lights
what is trending on twitter
are there any good pizza places around here
play any song of arijit singh
could you check instruction.
what is the cooking time for mashed potatoes
change the lights in the kitchen to blue
set the living room lights to red
is there anything new on reddit
olly that's enough, stop it.
add something to my list
play purple haze
can you send an email to my mother about the weekly weather
stock price fb
make an alarm for the morning
how much traffic does atlanta georgia usually have
it's useful, thank you.
have no idea for which to choose.
play for me the game star wars
latest reminder about meeting
what are the traffic conditions currently
pull up the complaint website for starbucks
if i was in the eastern time zone what time would it be
on my calendar are there any birthdays
remove all the events on my calendar
what is the definition of a probiotic
bring up a new shopping list
this is unimportant to me, olly.
add valia's wedding the next saturday at eight o clock
send an email for me
how do you turn on the robot vacuum cleaner
please start vacuum cleaner
give me lists
i need a place that will deliver pizza to me in benton ar
is india win today cricket match
talk quieter please
remove calendar events for this week
can you play tic tac toe
tell me what's new
am i gonna hit traffic
what is included in the tour's list
turn down the speakers
what's next on my list
i want to make this week's shopping list
turn the left light off
what music do i usually listen to
please search for beginners guide to cooking
i'm looking for a casual restaurant for a dinner date
how long to get downtown
how old is barack obaba
make a coffee for me
play radio mirchi for me
play party songs
clear list things to do this weekend
change light colour to yellow
can you tell me what happened to my social media
do more light
what song do i play most
make the lights pink
play radia
olly just stop please.
create event with alarm for meeting in two hours
read available lists
convert g. m. t. to ist
reply email
remove all upcoming events please
reply back to this email
play music true love
please make me a coffee
play news in fm
it's really loud can you please turn the music down
that's helpful, thank you very much.
please turn up the volume
can you set the alarm for one hundred and thirty
lower lights now
i wish to go for cheap shopping is there any dollars shop nearby
My weekly plan
add this email to my contact list
please start an email for my sister
take off this list
what's the latest on stock market
how is iron made
raise volume to level seven on music player
remove the guest list i created last week
any one will be ok for me.
give me the headlines from sky news
tell me what is on my schedule for today
start roomba
lower the light level in my house
for how much is hp selling for
lower the overhead lights
do coffee
increase the brightness of lights bedroom
is anything different today about blank
robot vacuum the hallway now
open up contacts and add email something@gmail dot com
it was nice job, thank you so much.
olly could you shut down.
new item for list
@nikesupport i need some assistance regarding some shoes i bought last week
please tell me about our country latitude and longitude
can you turn my bathroom lights off
please play only sad song in music player
i want hot coffee
what's the traffic this morning
you have done it correcly.
what's happened in the news recently
erase spaghetti from list
you have got that exactly.
please show me detail of previous played song
please can you check and confirm the details.
set a reminder for john's birthday next week
turn on a country music station
can you create a new list in the playlist
enter atdfd@yahoo dot com into my contact list
what is the weather today
olly that is enough, just cancel it.
light off living room
how's the traffic downtown
what is my next event
lets hear it from fm ninety six point five
is the anniversary event on twenty second of this month true
vacuum the floor
which restaurant is there in shivaji nagar
add lowes hardware to my contact emails located in cleveland ohio
do i have a home number for shelly
send an email to adele
what does a sea lion look like
you have done it perfectly.
could you please help me in listening to the radio
i want to go to bank of america give me directions
where a good restaurant
compose this email to this new email address
please set an alarm for tomorrows meeting at seven am
what does potato mean
what is telekenesis
largest animal
i need to hear the volume of the current music
what date is my anniversary
fantastic response to the command.
log a complaint about smart tv to sony customer service
i'd like to continue to the next episode
start my most recently played podcast
let me know if i get a new personal message from martha on facebook today
can you contact samsung and say my washer is on fire
is there any traffic right now
brighten the lights on the front porch
please remove my list of favorite albums
what is a canadian dollar worth in the us
what lists are open
i want you to check and confirm what last said please.
can you tell me about the traffic
let's play our favourite football match on tv
fraud in weighing products
set an eight hundred am alarm for next tuesday
definition for object name
broadcast the health show from the kitchen
please delete all my calendar events
every light of room increase its intensity
economic affairs
run the vacuum
lower the volume
wouldn't mind to choose any one.
tweet a complaint to kohl's customer service
can you reserve a ticket to grand rapids by train
you are awesome, thanks.
read me new messages from name
yeap you get that perfectly.
remove that event from list
how much money is one dollars worth in denmark
find me the exchange rate between dollars and bitcoin
can you set the vacuum to start cleaning at ten am time
yeah answer was correct.
thank you so much.
play podcast a
can you increase the brightness in the room
where am i supposed to be by this time tomorrow
post to twitter got a hectic day ahead
latest updates
how much is twenty argentinian pesos in pounds
do i have anything lists made for christmas shopping
change my light color to yellow
i need to make a grocery list
brew a pot of coffee
please raise the lights to max
could you harvest the crops in farmvile
increase volume by two levels
what type of music do i enjoy
remind me clock that i have a event
add new email to contacts
is the meeting scheduled for tomorrow
hey what does incite mean
shut off the socket
give me the definition of the word armor
make an alarm to help me remember
ah it was great one, olly.
make my iroomba clean the living room
i need a coffee
ticket for new york
weather report of the week
take that off there
yeah get that correcly.
new twitter message
can you remind me about the gym class in two hours
what is job title of jan medvesek
convert one dollars to rupees
just cancel please.
change my mum's email in my phonebook
next podcast play
find me the name of the artist of this music
it is very hot today is not it
send an email to mom subject weather body what is the weather like there this week
make a list about selena gomez concert schedule
can you tell me what the white house is
can you tweet lif about their app crashing
play my most played songs
what's the closing price of abc
could you give me the exact rate for dow nifty futures
that was good one, thank you so much.
is there a chili cookoff this weekend
train leaving
instagram
set an alarm
turn off lighting
get rid of everything on my calendar
i need some coffee
what's the closing price of apple
turn off lobby light
find a recipe for homemade bread
please delete all calendar events
what is the birthday of hemingway
play the bjork album i've heard the least
play current episode
switch up the color of the lights in the house
how is the traffic on third street
when was the last time that i spoke to john
how is the traffic now
vacuum cleaner start
please turn off only right side light
email chris add following content sorry I will be late today
is there room on my grocery list for an extra item
dim the lights a bit
what is the current traffic in washington town
which teams are playing today in the premier league
when was born abraham lincoln
would you confirm the last thing i said please.
who's playing the oboe on this piece
write a tweet to burger king expressing my disapproval
do i have anything on the list
turn up
is this the correct area code for my boss
i would like to know the latest from nbc news
put pencil on a new grocery list
switch to red colored lights
freezing
set a two day notification before maria's birthday please
can you turn off on the wemo plug socket
train times location
when monet's exhibition takes place
what news updates are there from news express
play for me american idol on television
what color is the sky
tell me today's direction
divide seventy six in two parts
what is the latest email from zita
tell me items that are on my shopping list
raise all the lights on
most viewed list
get rid of peas
change my room lights to some romantic colour
can you book a train ticket for my mother
what's new on social media
please create a new tweet
play tunes
what time am i supposed to pick up john again
doesn't matter with me, olly.
add oil change to my to do list
make the lights brighter
what can i cook with broccoli and chicken
tell me the street address of my facebook friend george
find me a train ticket next monday to new york city
change to blue
hey olly turn up the lights a little
it's dark in the living room
brighten the lamp next to the sofa
send tweet via message to cardinal cafe and tell them their customer service is outstanding
any one will be ok with me, olly.
lights off in the kitchen please
set alarm at six thirty am
brighten up the lighting
are there any events schedule for this week
where did rama go on his final journey
tell me my latest email
could you please create a pandora channel for adele
anything is ok with me.
buy train tickets from delhi to mumbai for twenty third march
book train ticket to ny
what trending on twitter
can i get a cup of coffee
please list shops within one miles from me
i want to play blackjack
change the music mode to rock
thank you very much, olly.
start the smart plug
reminder about meeting from eight am to twelve pm
i would like to know the route the train will go to get to miami
i want to hear purple haze
do i have any new friend requests
are there any interesting stuff happened today in my twitter
weather in home town
turn off light in bedroom
tell about the origin of the word evolution
traffic status please
do i have any undone tasks
set lights to full power
ah it's amazing.
add this email to my contact
what is the stock information of walmart
i want the light to be a little more red ish
can you recommend a cheap restaurant in this area
make the wemo plug socket turned on
where was steve jobs born
play hopsin from my latest playlist
turn on smart socket in dining room
amazing response to the command.
please delete the shopping list
complain to mcdonalds twitter about my burger
begin new list of lottery numbers
please increase the brightness in this room
lighten the light
what is the price of stock for gm
delete meeting
would you please confirm the last thing i said.
excellent.
can you tell me the current traffic condition of my location
make a grocery list please
how are my stocks doing today
i would like to listen to this mornings mike and mike podcast
play green day
go to the station fm ninety six point five
tell me formula for area of circle
begin vacuum
customer service complaint
when is the next train to b street
please put all the lights
reduce volume
please can you stop it.
what items did i plan to buy
start robot cleaner
can you notify the event in my calendar
outlet on
search for podcasts that cover men's issues
put alarm at five am
please change time zone to canada
provide what is there on the list
open music player settings
will the temperature be in the today
make a repeating reminder for tomorrow
what does the word hypocrisy mean
open my calendar
play netflix on my ps four
how far away is the sun
what is the exchange rate between us and canada
turn on the robot vacuum
does not matter for me.
give me the stock price of intel
how is the traffic at the moment
check how many likes did i got on my most recent post
how much is starbuck's stock these days
play billybob show on bbc radio four
activate coffee machine
where is kansas located
did anyone like my photo i just posted
play episode two of the intern
are there are any delays on my commute
show me the latest emails from amazon
delete my calendar
please check and tell me contact details of mongomery llc company
i am interested in what emotions are conveyed in grateful dead music
alert me at the time of the event
remove all the events and schedules
is it going to snow
this is unimportant.
when is john's birthday
can you take off the next event on my calendar
what does pda mean
go to radio
can you get me a cup of coffee
open pandora and play top hits
divide two hundred by four
pull up list
go to email and send message to
raise the volume of the speakers to fifty five percent
will you check and confirm that please.
what is the time in india when the time in us is twelve pm
can you tell me what an chaise is
locate information on john smith about his work location
play rohan sharma podcast for me
send happy new year to john@gmail dot com
tell how vegetable is cooked
what is the closing price of apple today
what is sean connery's birthday
what is the status quo for traffic right now
turn off my smart plug socket
have i got any new email from my company
wouldn't bother.
how much is indian rupee going against us dollar
may i know what is trending in social media
transportation ticket booking train
where is the best pizza on sixth street
update the calendar with the last event removed
can you start fm eight hundred and ninety radio channel
what is the exchange rate of u. s. d. to cdn
will you please put something something@gmail dot com in my contacts
who is the song playing by
what did i put down already on the walmart list
exchange euro to dollar
send a reply to robert for his email received today morning
update me on my emails
dim the lights at the living room
thank you.
forward this one
are there any trips to location a provided by the train
shut off my living room plug socket
low the volume
where's the closest zoo to where i'm at
please tell me a shop where i can find books to buy
how many hours distance is between my location and new york
i need to wake up make me the strongest coffee you can make
alter lunch event to repeat every friday
how old is betty white
tell me mary's cell number
stop powering the wemo socket
olly i would like you just stop it.
can you confirm instruction.
olly can you please shut down.
live show reminders
buy a train ticket from lakeland florida to new york
post the following status to facebook
what is the square root of thirty six
will it get warmer here next week
olly please will you shut up.
post a complaint via twitter to cvs pharmacy
when does the closest bar close
i like you check it please.
shut off the lights in the bedroom
i need help making pancakes
please describe an elephant to me
can you confirm the details please.
hey olly make the lights a little dimmer
fill me in on stock symbol
what is currently breaking news
can i get the directions to the nearest bar
turn off smart plug socket
when is the next train leaving for austin
is this song ed sheeran
hey reply a mail which i received
turn wemo plug socket on
read out my list for today
locate local pizza shops
tell me if anything important is happening on social media today
delete mike stein from contacts list
wake me up on Friday at five in the morning i need to catch the train
turn on kitchen light
clear all data from calendar
play yesterday's hot ninety seven morning show
send email to bro and say hi come down for dinner tonight
what do i have scheduled on july seventh
remind me about my monday meeting with peter francis fifteen minutes before the meeting
i want to hear the latest podcast episode of s town
set wake up Thursday seven am
play a pop station on the radio
price of train ticket from delhi to mumbai
check my twitter account
can you remind me to check my clothes in a hour
how much is twenty two usd in euros
decrease the volume to ten
that was nice one.
Define economics
please show me the exchange rate between the dollar and the yen
how the list of upcoming events
please increase the volume of the music hips don't lie
find the this week's news about emigration legislation in the us please
what's my next appointment
what the sexiest food to cook on a date
answer paul's email
replay the required of the musics
email my friend about our plans tonight
you've done that right.
The latest climate and weather news
convert ten miles to kilometers
do not really mind for any one.
how does it feel outside
olly please could you shut down.
please cook me a hamburger
can you play acoustic music with no commercials
got it correcly.
how many countries are in the european union
please will you check and confirm my last instruction.
yeap fantastic.
please play songs i've purchased and favorited
open chess play against me
please clean my shopping list
can you play the next episode please
open this game
make me some coffee
complaint on service provider on my twitter
please turn down the volume
how many legs does a dog have
evaporated
it was cool, i appreciate it.
repeat album
off all the lights on the right side
set rotating event
what are john's contact details
olly will you shut down.
can turkeys fly
book a train ticket to charleston west virginia eight am
delete all my calendar events
can you tell how many hours of difference are between boston and los angeles
turn the volume up
how hot is it in miami
olly will you cancel it.
my mail
on february fourteenth make dinner reservations at the restaurant
what is the news today in polk county florida
turn lights off
did you get that correctly?
is there traffic
set an alarm for two hours from now please
train departure
is there any new environmental news
nice job, you have done well, olly.
play the barney theme song
id like to get on the next train that will be departing indianapolis headed to chicago
tweet starbucks and say that the customer service is awful
delete all events and content from my calendar
i want the news about academy awards
yeah you understood command correcly.
change your colors to green
repeat the last song
please play help
would you go check my emails for me
what do you know about mary
send email to joanne@aol dot com and add as new contact
how would the volkswagen golf car look like
its dark in here mind turning up the light intensity
the answer is confirmed.
what's two plus two
erase that item from my list
please will you check details.
is the weather bad in new york right now
start coffee machine
send an email to john that i am on my way to home
what are the current lists i have
please run the vacuum
hey send email to john
you did command perfectly.
this does not matter to me, olly.
i cant hear a thing
what times do the trains run between here and the met
switch on the vacuum cleaner
play by favorite radio station
i can't hear just increase the volume
thank you so much, olly.
awesome work, you've done well.
play jingle bells
post that i am going to woodland shoe store
what time does the train departs lagos
switch off the plug socket
how do i get to starbucks
please clear my calendar
access recipe book please
play gta vice city game
replace the current light colours in the house with dark ones
show me my husbands facebook posts today
delete list for groceries
what is a good rap album that came out this year
song next
give some of delete in today events
do you have a traffic update
i am gonna need an umbrella today after sunset
switch the lights off
book and pay for a train ticket to denver for saturday
to do list for today please
give me the definition of carion
what is the difference between bake and broil
take it in hand
what is the exchange rate of euro today to dirham
wake me at seven am
turn off on the socket
how do i dial sarah
create a new list
what are the latest updates on my facebook account
do i have anything on my to do list
can you recommend any pub in mg road
set alarm to begin
can you tell me my recent emails
olly please can you just stop it.
look up news articles about trump
how many euros are in a dollar
please train
do i have a new email from eric
did you get the detail correctly?
recommend me a restaurant in west chester
read the list
please send mom an email saying that i can make it next week
what mexican food is around me
have i received any emails from beth
play me news radio channel
lower the lights please
is bills cell phone number in my contacts
how many likes does my status from yesterday have
turn off the lights in the living room please
how much did facebook stock increase last night
light off now
change the color of the lights in my bedroom to red
hey olly play the radio
tweet british airways that my last flight from chicago to london was delayed
what's the temperature
dim lights in living room
lessen the the light glow
what is twenty three times fifty two
hey olly tell my today's top news
turn the lights on brighter
please change the house lights to blue
instruct the coffee maker to make a filter coffee ready in ten minutes
i am need my hat today
list me the stock of apple right now
what is happening this weekend
tell what is the value of sin thirty
please would you check and confirm it.
please turn up the screen brightness all the way
i want blue lighting
describe what a sphere is
i would like the like in the kitchen to be a different color
can you check and confirm my last command please.
describe a tomatillo
turn the chandelier all the way up
will you please check and confirm it.
how far is parana river
really i don't mind, olly.
yeap exact response to command.
traffic report
who has covered this song
give me the opening stock price of apple
what are my available lists
turn down the sound
write an email recipient ray
oh it is nice one, olly.
send email to newmail@gmail dot com
where is tuesday's morning meeting
activate the vacuum cleaner and use it
it is nine here what time is it in california
how cold is it outside
what are the vietnamese restaurants in the area
bring up the grocery list and add
alarm for ten am
i want to slow down my speaker
i want to book rajdhani train ticket from mumbai to ahmadabad
light up
how expensive is google stock
it's perfect.
my calendar is to be updated with all rccg event in march
add apahelp@yahoo dot com to my contacts
tweet for me the complaint about drainage work
modify the light colours of the house and make them dark instead
can you deleted the current event
play next episode on podcast
give me the winning numbers to the powerball lottery
i would like to start a new list
start the vacuum at nine am
put on the vacuum on now and clean the living room
i would like you check detail please.
on third april we will go to watch j llb movie set it
please go to next date
have no idea regarding to which to choose.
turn up sound
what is the email i got from my girlfriend
tune into the joe rogan show in ten minutes
remove grocery list please
that is correct.
snapchat
what is the current song called
start play fifa seventeen
please check the traffic to the home
set the living room lights to fifty percent
play all songs by martina mcbride
i'd like a coffee please
is there heavy traffic on the I fifteen in las vegas right now
what is twelve divided by four
please advise what the current news is on fox news
you are my hero,.
how long until we get to chicago
turn the smart plug on
change the lights to my favorite color
play favorites listed in podcasts starting with first one
that's confirmed.
will i need sunblock this weekend
the list should not contain all food items with the prefix dry
that is enough, stop it.
whats on my list for the time being
please send an email to mom
train ticket
make the room brighter
let me know of any incoming emails for the last hour please
stock
up the brightness on these lights
list out my upcoming events
tweet to the customer service account of starbucks
wake me up at seven am
include this
what is the definition of god
what is the price of apple stock today
start creating a new list
it will be good if you yellowish the light
yes you have understood my instructions perfectly.
compose a new email but i got a new address this time brandon at example dot com
where i can find a bakery
Volume louder softer
you are smart.
set an alarm for five am
you rock, i appreciate it.
create packing checklist
how far is walmart from here
how many dollars is in pounds
i want to hear this podcast
make a new list for school supplies
book train ticket for this time
i have to go to a meting on friday at noon can you remind me
look up a lamp
whatever would be good.
what meetings do i have next thursday
send me the last list uploaded
train ticket please
what do i need to make pot roast
tell me the weather for new york city
book my train ticket from las vegas to los angeles
include an item to a list
you understood command exactly.
can you turn the volume up
let's play a game of trivia
it's eight fifty five here what time is it in england
update my list with shoes
how soon can we expect rain
open calendar and make an event reminder
npr ted talks
find me the recipe for a cake
how is the traffic on the i fifteen in las vegas today
order one coffee to starbucks coffee shop
switch on the radio
yes exact.
play old
olly brighten the lights
what are my new contact emails
look up for the residential address of my team leader
how much australian dollars one can buy for one pound sterling
would you stop.
fb stocks
replace color from light to dark
can you please let me know the next four scheduled trains to chicago
open lists remove list
tell me what a workhouse is
change lights
remove all my engagements from calendar for tomorrow
yes it was perfect.
what are the lyrics to the song i will always love you by Dolly parton
decrease brightness
will i be able to get away with shorts today
tell me the latest news from bbc sports
it's amazing job, thank you very much, olly.
what's june's address nowadays
turn the music lower
i'm looking for a bar do you know a good one
give me the opening stock price of infosys technologies today
current currency rate
schedule lunch at tomo in arcata california tomorrow at noon
skip ahead to the next podcast
clean the sofa with the vacuum cleaner
send email to mom and tell her see her at disney world
is it currently raining
please tweet waited sixty five minutes for a table at tgi fridays never going back
find out the the train arrival time and book me
i appreciate it, that's great job.
it's fantastic, thanks.
change lights to red
this is unimportant for me.
open note pad
write email to family member and read it back
play the kansas city hip hop station
how much is one hundred and thirty six plus three hundred and eighty seven
i want a coffee now
find new trump articles but not from fox news
how does merriam webster define ultra
let me know when you hear about france
make the room blue
what is a shoal
you're too loud
how do i get to brighton
please give me directions to a park near me
please play some jazz music
remove eggs for the shopping list
get me to the nearest train station
what is the song name
how many things do i have planned tonight
what pubs are near the metro station
make curser adjustable position
can you see if there any trains going to
it is useful, thank you.
play lady by kenny roger
turn off socket
what apple trading at
where can i go shopping here
tell me about new emails
start the robot roomba
program coffee machine to brew coffee in two minutes
what were the first number of email subjects i got today
my friend john has sent me a invitation card to his newly bought home say thanks to him in his mail id
play sam harris please
vitaly channel
need a hot coffee
play podcast one
show directions to pondy
can you find me a train ticket to montauk
email happy new year to john
turn down the volume
contacts please
rate u. s. d. to g. b. p.
look up the word snafu
this is too bright
if switch is on then turn on else turn off
set an alarm for ten o'clock tomorrow morning
i need a six am wakeup call
how is the weather of this place
if it's ten pm in california what time is it in alabama
tell me what is song is playing now
find me new comments from my facebook
define session
show trains and time to ny
make a room darker
which contact haven't i called in twelve months
please clear out my calendar completely
olly please cancel.
what is fifty five minus two
olly would you please shut up.
if a pencil cost four dollars and a book ten dollars cost how much i should pay if i buy two pencil and three book
can you see if john has replied to my email yet
please check last thing i said.
what does formidable mean
system please dim lights to dull blue
lights down to seven
email john smith
put classic rock on
please set an alarm at six am
talk to you later.
instructions to make a meal
radio one thousand and twenty seven
what should i make for dinner
what was the latest post
play keno
i like you to check and confirm what i said please.
google what is the temperature outside
turn up the volume
you are so helpful, thank you so much, olly.
turn off the room lights
what's the current temperature outside
what is my schedule for tomorrow morning
tell me who wrote this song
start pandora
delete the famous actors list
that is enough, just cancel it.
what are my favorite types of music
what clothing shops are close to my current location
vacuum the dining room
what's the traffic situation from kamycka to dejvicka
start spider
show me the posts of my friends in the last hour
please give me the latest feed updates
start playing my song list
brief me about my news feed stories
are any of my new emails from amy
set the event to recur on the first monday of the month
delete my meeting for one pm on march nineteenth
yes wonderful response to command.
start my robot vacuum cleaner
perfect job, you have done well.
alter the color of the lights at home
book me a train ticket for saturday
give the stock price details of motorolla
any one is okay to me.
book a ticket for today in irctc site for the stored information
please begin clash of clans
that does not matter.
has sarah posted anything today
network podcast
hey olly on the twentieth clear my calendar
remind me off about my tomorrow meeting sharply at ten
commence coffee making
how do i book a train ticket online
remind me everyday at two pm for lunch
convert eight am manila time to new york time
yeap you get your understanding exactly.
find twitter handle of tom cruise
please lower the lights
find my wife
olly will you please shut down.
play the last song from my most recent playlist
robot vacuum cleaner on
what's hot social media topics
write a complaint to best buy
please lights less brighter
did trey sand any messages
could you turn the light off
play the billboard top ten
remove mike stein from contacts list
email friend
how many bots are in a dollar
great response to command.
turn up the brightness of the lights
where is the shopping mall for shirts
find john smith from alabama
play bbc radio one
can you play the next podcast
please turn off the smart plug socket
siri what is dollars in yen
these lights are too bright please lower them
generate fresh list
do i have a sales meeting today
increase the volume of the music to ninety
please add dan's email to my contacts
which store's got the cheapest three pound beef rump
are there any accidents on my way to work
describe to me what a ball looks like
play me a radio channel for trance music
does not matter to me.
turn off the lamps
turn off the rice cooker socket
can we please lower the lights
turn off smart socket
write an email about next week weather to my wife
play howard stern on sirius
please repeat that music again of akon
hey play me a popular country song
hey olly chance the current light settings
cancel tomorrow's meeting
whats ten percent off forty dollars
get me the latest news in new york
tweet my complaint on targets customer service
what trips are available from new york city to poughkeepsie
do i have anything planned for today
what is glass made of
give me the idea of current traffic condition
book a train ticket from orlando to chicago
brighten up the room
tune in to my favorite radio station please
remove the bank transaction list
i want to make next week's to do list
tell me the recipe to cook pav bhaji
i need to know how to make stuffed peppers
power off the wemo plug
let me know what maria has put on her facebook over the weekend
do i have a meeting on saturday march twenty fifth
google search booking train ticket
please check the trending topics on twitter
do i have a busy day today
origin of word
has my stock increased in value
how's are the roads looking right now
add cereal to my shopping list
thank you, olly.
increase the bright of the light
what's the best chicken place near me
it's too dark here
whats the best place to eat near here
how do i get the answer to two plus two
delete list blank
start the vacuum
report what is new in my email inbox please
when is the next septa train to philadelphia
celeb news
what does a beech tree look like
play football with me
carlos linux upgrade email
play new rihanna song
call vikki
am i free between six to seven pm
did the price of walmart stock go up or down
what is terranova stock going for
i'd like to play monopoly
ally please play pandora radio
please set a reminder for church services on sundays for eleven am
define loquaciousness
fantastic work, you've done well.
add work email address
please remind me of all the nba scores in a week
lets play pinball
i want to play solitare with you
please archive my read messages
let me know of the meeting on tuesday
set generic calendar event for next saturday at ten am
give me low lighting in the kitchen
can you take five and divide it by three
create vacation list
what's happening around the world
turn on the wemo
how do i prepare all my food for cooking
what are meeting scheduled for today
remove vegetables from the list
would you please turn on the am radio
set the coffee maker to on
describe texture
Is it going to be windy on Saturday in denver
please play next episode of podcast
well done, appreciated.
book a ride from new york to orlando covering ten places to see
what happened yesterday on samurai jack
could you please schedule a meeting with this person
remove item from list
whats a good place to eat around midtown new york
please will you confirm command.
skip
add eggs to my grocery's shopping list
add chives to my shopping list
switch on robot vacuum cleaner
will i need an umbrella today
is there anything left on my list
please delete next meeting with rajesh
clear all events from march seven
what else do i have on the list
turn off the wemo plug
play thinking out loud next
Show me articles about the new iphone eight
please start my podcast
list all the shops that are located in milan
take off the doctor's appointment on march twentieth
figure out what percentage thirty is of one hundred and sixty three
start playlist for podcast
brew coffee
that's helpful, i appreciate it.
open irctc application and go to book ticket
is the balloon festival this weekend
lower the light intensity
olly shuffle playlist
what is the stock price of amazon
i need to buy a train ticket
set an alarm for seven thirty am
find me a train ticket to boston
can i see my lists for today
how do i get to the mall
please check last thing said.
please turn the volume down
i want you cancel.
show unread new emails
give me instructions on how to cook chicken
siri what is the definition of ziggurat
start radio
yes exact response.
where to buy cannon cameras
turn up speakers
what is the us dollar equivalent of one euro
tweet my complaint to @nsa
what time does the train arrive at edinburgh
whats the current price of mcdonalds stock
i wouldn't really bother, olly.
will you please get the coffee machine to make some coffee
twelveth july is bola's birthday and my calendar to be updated with this date
where can i book a train ticket to oregon
check and confirm the details please.
what is the name of the music playing now
i need you to remind me to go to store tomorrow
list the games you can play with me
i need to get the definition of a word massive
what is the dollar exchange rate
what is the time difference between my location and hong kong
get me news on trump
please start vacuuming
lower the brightness of the lights
play podcast for the philadelphia eagles content
please go to the next episode of the podcast
i would like orange lights now
give me the news
show all emails regarding the breach
remove grocery list
dim the lighting in my living room
can you tell me about expensive sushi restaurants in west philadelphia
current weather forecast
what is the forecast for the week
could you please shut down.
are there any new emails in outlook
hey email jan about our meeting
let's go through all pending reminders
create new contact with email
check the weather app to see if
turn on the vacuum now
do i have anything planned for the twenty first
clap on
what is mary s.'s birthday
please play the newest podcast
how many phone numbers do i have for brenden
add appointment to list
what is the current temperature outside
house can you make all the lights in the house blue
play program on xmtune please
brighten of lights in living room
give me a traffic update
do not mind to choose any one.
please find today's stock prices for samsung company
i want to tweet a complaint on apples phone issues
you've gotten my instructions exactly.
remind me at five pm
where do cows come from
i have already given mark his gift today please remove him on my christmas gift list
tweet kohls about the cleanliness of their store
you helped a lot,, olly.
change this time to ist
help me buy a train ticket to denver for next tuesday morning
answer is confirmed.
please send an email to john saying i'm on leave
that's cool, thank you very much, olly.
play my favorite radio station
search schedules for this week
you have done that right appreciated.
power off on
repeat same song for ten times
can the latest news be pulled up on the latest weather forecast for the week
please can you shut off.
how many kids jackie chan does have
tell me what's happening this week
change the color of my porch lights to green
tell me what's happening on instagram
anything will be good with me, olly.
where is the closest mexican restaurant
which day this week do i have plans
can you please tell me what i have on my list
set notification from world news
set an alarm for eight pm
what song is currently playing
my vacuum cleaner should start between ten to eleven am everyday
given me the exchange rates between u. s. d. and inr
post a new status on facebook saying that i am enjoying the nice weather
would you like to play a game
no no turn it down
yes correct response.
tweet complaint to sony consumer service
erase that from my calendar
i don't have enough money to buy the nintendo switch right now can you please remove it on my amazon wishlist
turn off the lights in the bathroom
you need to find an alternate route to my destination
can i please have a cafe americano
it's useful, thank you so much.
who is the song writer
define cpu
what is the size of the united states
please make coffee
i will need my filter coffee in ten minutes please ask the coffee maker accordingly
want to wake up can you order a cappochino
find apple on list and remove
what are the pending reminder for today evening
find me someone
remove my calendar event at one pm today
i want a coffee
what are the items on my list
tweet to consumer service that they should strive to be more accommodating
start the robotic vacuum
look up the definition to ambulance
wonderful response to command.
book me a train ticket in any train to bombay for tomorrow
yeap get that right.
delete all events in calendar
please start fm eight hundred and ninety radio channel
what is bob stevens phone number it is in my contacts
what music genre do i play most
change the station to eighty two point four
please cancel.
please play my cricket game
play hot ninety seven
cnn headlines
yes you got command exactly.
could you shut up.
turn the lights on full bright
lower the lights in bedroom two
ah that's awesome work.
brew me some coffee
when is dale's birthday
train to athens how to
turn the light off
remove event from my list
olly talk to you later on.
are there any status updates on cnn news facebook page
appreciated, that is great job.
how do i make tuna casserole from scratch
let me know the list
i dont want to carry an umbrella will we have rain today
exchange rate from cad to u. s. d.
please would you shut up.
show me my meetings this Friday
turn the lights down to seven
more volume please
buy an acela train ticket on thursday
set an alarm for tomorrow morning at eight
please remove list
delete item four
latest instagram posts
turn up the light
wemo on
do not mind for any one.
turn off all the lights
what are the most recent headlines on cnn
customer service complaint tweet the following
i am busy tomorrow so delete all calendar events
move to next episode
have any suggestions for local italian food
that is nice work, thanks.
what is the weather forecast for chicago
please confirm last thing said.
switch off the lights
recipe please
how is my inbox looking at the moment
exchange rate of euro with dollar
what temperature should the oil be for frying french fries
disable my okug
update my inbox please
lower the intensity of light
tell me what's trending on twitter
add apahelp@yahoo dot com in my contact list
what price are google stocks trading for
play old fashioned christmas music
that is helpful, thanks.
clear everything off my calendar for the rest of the year
how many hours difference is hong kong from new york city
set an alarm for me for tomorrow at seven pm
volume down
you are star, musch appreciated, olly.
define television
who covered the song one more cup of coffee
olly please stop.
did you get it correctly?
tweet to ikea costumer service the following i'm not happy with this new klm product
delete my to do list
that was cool, i appreciate it.
is it raining now
please create a list of due payment those who not received more then ten months
reminders
who has written to me or mentioned me in social media
i can't see anything
change song
set my alarm for six thirty in the morning tomorrow
can i know what i on the list
please set a monthly reminder for paying rent
add my car payment on the twelfth in my calendar
did you get the instruction correctly?
where is russia located
please check the news on social media
new list please
best rap music
system pull any traffic news for my commute
bring up all the runner lights
get today's weather report
what's going on at the capitol
yeap amazing response to command.
i need to set up a meeting with the ceo tomorrow
show the list that are available with numbers
play tic tac toe with me
please would you cancel it.
turn off kettle socket
how bad is the traffic on sunset boulevard
add appointment in the list
please can you confirm the question.
is there any traffic on my way to work
how old is brad pitt
stock please
status of weather
cancel dentist appointment for this week
please increase volume in music player
send an email to my assistant clara to cancel all appointments for tomorrow
turn up the lights
activate radio and tune into nine hundred and eighty nine
did you add tomorrow's meeting to my calendar
play for me the game cricket
how many miles in five kilometers
where is a good place to eat in seattle
find apple pie recipe
what is the current price of jindel stock
play next episode
what music is playing now nine hundred and ninety nine fm
alert me at three pm to goto the concert
you have got my instructions right.
make a new list of dog breeds
show me my contacts
show me the top rated podcasts
olly will you cancel please.
what and how is india's economy at the moment
what is available in your stock of lists
prepare coffee now
can i make back home without a traffic jam
what's new in facebook
what size is a sperm whale
show traffic in ohio
it doesn't matter for me.
what does rice wine go with
i want to find some chinese food what is near me
olly that's enough, stop.
create a list of books to be ordered
please add one plus one
dim the lights
locate the email to giant eagle and put it into my contact list
find john smith in contacts
find me info on cars
can you turn it up a little
what is the name of that song that just went off
is the stocks which i have invested are increasing
turn the plug off
will you check and confirm instruction.
calculate distance from boston to new york
weather like
play my midnight love playlist
what is piramid
open grocery list and add milk
who built the prado museum
book a train ticket for friday april fourteenth for boston
check and tell me the address of my friend alex
when did pop it like it's hot come out
anyone for tennis
what is the amount for train ticket booking
launch game
grocery list add eggs
open email
thank you for doing it, olly.
yeah wonderful response to command.
turn the volume down a little please
play music in library
do i have any get togethers this week
tell me what is on the list
could you play you don't bring me flowers
notification regarding the new iphone release update
which songs do i listen to most
please get the coffee machine to make me some coffee
tweet on the bad service
whats going on in my calendar
what meetings are available in march
off mobile charger plug
wake me up
i would like to hear some rap music
that was cool,, olly.
please check and confirm command.
play music from where you left off
play my favorite station
have you responded my phone calls
play cindi's favorite podcast
i need coffee please preferably hot
switch off main light
you have done it correctly thanks, olly.
delete the list brads appointments
power off the current
start a cup of coffee for me
what will the weather be for the next week
hey i want to get trains to manchester on Wednesday
look for different recipes
play the next episode of the BBC tech podcast
play the previous podcast
please check if there is a new email on the inbox
create a playing teams and play with them
what's the weather forecast for today
where is the closest sweet frog
take out the milk from the shopping list
do i have any off days this week
how many likes does my last instagram photo have
go to youtube and play me the best wedding songs collection
does not matter.
list my lists please
send me the stock market updates for today
please open snooker game i would like to play with you
please remove the first list
select shuffle all
please change the light colors to red
have i received any mail in the last hour
add car service to my list of things to do today
detail for stock price
it's too dark i can't even see my hands
delete that
play random radio station
just increase the volume a little
has amy sent me any new emails
could you check it.
can you change my time zone to central
in my calendar delete all of my golf events for the current month
what is the song currently playing
buy a train ticket to cleveland for april fourteenth
facebook
play me an upbeat song through your speakers
please remove the doctor appointment in my calendar for february twelfth at nine am
let's play a game
how is the traffic situation in houston street
please add dinner with mary to my calendar on saturday
one am set
please turn up the light a little
when the meeting start
please just cancel.
is i. b. m. up today
can you create a new list
which shops can i find in milan
yeap that was wonderful.
did i leave the light on in the garage
please remove sporty event from list
start the poker game
you've done it right.
what is i. b. m.'s stock worth
do i have new emails from john
what does happy mean
i need you to say that last information again but much louder
i've got dollars for the month how much can i spend every day this month
tell me the answer for two plus two
please check exchange rates
send a replay email
could you turn off light
make list
that's helpful,.
let me know up and down in stock price of this company stock
make me happy juice
from which movie is the song
is there any traffic downtown right now
set meeting with joanna on Saturday four pm
turn on radio
It's too dark in here
add eggs to the list
could you check and confirm detail please.
open my notes
podcast play
alarm me at eight am
what is hurricane
time zone between india and us
put my brother's birthday in my calendar for july fourth
what are my plans for today
yes your understanding was perfect.
what is joe joe's home address
show traffic
please wake me up at seven thirty am
erase my whole calendar
have no idea about what to do, olly.
what is one hundred and twenty three times one hundred and twenty three
play jack johnson playlist music
define the moon for me
what are the names of all my saved lists
dim the lights in the bathroom
please ask mr coffee to make a latte
start email for address not in contacts
you are star, thank you.
do i have any notifications from social media
what are the news stories on the cnn website
play the podcast named ringcast
respond to graham and let him know that i will be free tomorrow
book me a train ticket for this afternoon to chicago
show john's contact information
good response to command.
can you backward an episode in the podcast
hi buddy send mail to my friend hellen regarding home builders are not accepted the offer
can you empty my calendar
can you tell me what haggis looks like
can you shuffle the light colors in the house
pawel prepare the meeting with john
reply to erins email by saying i will be on time
cut the songs in this musics
i need a train ticket to rome book ticket
switch on the radio and play hello fm station
yeap that's right.
start the oven
are there any recent unread emails
can you speak a little louder
hey read any email to me
start podcast from my favorites list
yes good response to command.
can you bright the lights please
remove pencil from stationary
i need you to start fm eight hundred and ninety radio channel
how hot is it outside today
i want to listen arijit singh song once again
what is the total number of oceans in the world
is there a connecting train from london to paris and what time
toggle wemo plug socket on
radio play nine hundred and eighty nine please
yeah you've got that perfectly.
you can send the email to abc@gmail dot com this is my new email address
make a cup of coffee for me
what's the recipe for fried chicken
start new smart socket
show exchange rate of u. s. d. and inr
tell me how to make tacos
it's helpful, thank you.
i would not mind to select any one.
divide one thousand five hundred by one hundred and sixty
please add contact email johndoe@yahoo dot com to john doe's contact information
get rid of mike stein from contacts list
please set this date to repeat
did you get the last thing said correctly?
fantastic job, you've done well, olly.
repeat this song three times
i want you confirm that please.
what is the exchange rate for dollars to pounds
check last thing said please.
could you please check and confirm that.
what going on
what time is the evening meeting i have with john
book a train ticket to city leeds
add email to contacts
fantastic response.
play heavyweight podcast
if it is noon in virginia what time is it in california
is chase doing good
raise speaker volume
please start the vacuum cleaner
find the recipe for sambar in cookingforu application
are there any veg restaurants in phoenix
check if there any new email
what do i have next to do
Add pick up kids from school to my to do list for today
it's helpful, appreciated.
how do i get to the grocery store
could you speak more softly
you've done the command correcly.
please tell me to take my umbrella because it will be very hot today
write this complaint to comcasts customer service twitter
yes you get your understanding perfectly.
newest world news
anything would be ok with me.
really i would not mind.
clear list
shall we meet for today's party
check out my to do list
let national grid know the power is out again
where's the best and most affordable place to stay in san diego
when is the next train to new york
tell me when will indians economy touch that of americas
hey play crazy by britney spears
list entry
will trump visit russia anytime soon
tweet real donald trump that angela merkel will not shake his hand anymore
would you please check what i last said.
i would like to know the train timings to bournemouth tomorrow
please find all name start with alphabetic of a and create a list
what is the currency conversion charges applicable
where should i avoid this morning
start playing my most played podcast
control lights turn off room lights
hey olly inform me about latest picture updated by priya chopra on instagram
turn off on wemo outlet
can to please clear my calendar of all events
when was the last call i received from jordan
can i go outing without any raincoat
that does not matter with me.
Has @realdonaldtrump posted anything new on twitter
can you activate the vacuum to clean the house
when and where is june's birthday party
can you book train ticket from mumbai to sangli for tomorrow morning
please check new email from andy
turn off light
i need to get to bristol Friday night can you book me a ticket please
is it ok to lower the lights
take me to tnagar
good food
volume louder please
check and confirm last thing said please.
give a hand to this game
brighten living room lights
strongly agree.
change the light in the bathroom to yellow
have i received any emails about jared's birthday
who wrote the song that is playing
make me a coffee
what is the current exchange rate between the dollar and the euro
cancel the event valentine's day from the calendar
add five plus eighteen minus four please
darken
that's useful, thank you.
set up an alarm clock at one pm
make the living room blue
yeah fantastic response to the command.
let's play a game of chess
the set alarm for nine pm on Thursday night
what is two times two
set a reminder for twelve thirty meeting with the boss
stock exchange rates
has mike sent me an email
if i call mike in california at six pm what will his time be
delete all events for the next five days
create an alarm for five pm
open the weather app
turn on all upstairs lights
please open blokus game i would like to play with you
erase events
check in contacts
set an alarm for nine am
please tell em the list of trains to chicago via california
turn the robot vacuum cleaner on
can you please make me a cup of black coffee
what is jill's home phone number
did anyone message me on facebook
turn the lights off now
oh that's good, olly.
set the mood please
do i have any mail
please turn the lights up to eight
do not really mind for whatever, olly.
where is the closer starbucks
add this person's email
tell me pizza restaurants close by
send email to bill asking to reschedule
change the lighting to blue
hi what kind of pictures you uploaded in pinterest
post this to my facebook lol
how can i go from boston to new york by train
tell me if there are any events from three to five
show me the demographic growth rate of switzerland in the last ten years
tell me who send the email about the boss yesterday
change that off the list
i want to bright the room more
are there any accidents on the four hundred and five
would not really mind.
what do you know about the statue of liberty
what posts have i missed from my friends
can you just stop it please.
best restaurant in local area
i want a train ticket to edinburgh
change the lights to dim
tell me the contact details of my brother
change light whenever i find myself in my house
can you reserve a train ticket for this day
yeah it's good.
who's birthdays are today on facebook
where can i get shawarma in this area
please let me know the what raj's status update in facebook
what do i need to complete first from the list
tell me if an earthquake happens in the world
what's going on facebook
open the profile of allen from my contact
who's current music's author
is there any traffic to work
overhead lights on please
i need to know all of the emails from contact pertaining to subject
add jim and jerry to event
anything will be okay with me.
by main power off
set new alarm on five am
please add a new email in my contacts from sara
remember to put carrots in there
how much is a round trip train ticket to go to new york
i want to listen to today's hits
set an alert for two pm
hey olly tell me what shops i am near
do i have free time next tuesday to schedule a meeting
i want to hear chopin now
is mysore going to be very hot and humid today whats the weather status
please check and confirm the command.
make it brighter in here please
who's playing this
that is unimportant.
what's the rate between pesos and yen
would you shut down please.
when is the next train arriving to union station from grand central station
can you find animal crossing
skip forward
can you change the living room lights to a softer color
when did mount saint helens last erupt
dim the living room lights
exchange rates between dollar and euro
can you start the roomba
tweet a complaint to apple about my iphone seven
book a train ticket from canada to las vegas
can you check and confirm details.
olly will you shut up please.
change the light color to blue
what are the ingredients in macaroni and cheese
play my favourite podcasts
yeap you have got my instructions correcly.
yeap it was correct.
abolish an item from list
repeat music
groceries list
i want the speakers turned up high
delete an item
is snap doing good after the ipo
has tom emailed me about ammunition
let me hear that podcast
what is the square root of ninety seven
that is of no importance, olly.
see if john is available for a meeting on Monday
refresh email
change the light color the red
is there a traffic jam on my route
set alarm for nine am
doesn't really matter to me.
send an email and save the contact information for samuelwaters@hotmail dot com
what was the name of my last email
please would you just cancel it.
how about a game of snakes and ladders
check for new emails
what notifications do i have in social media
please explain the rice recipe
dim the lights down a bit
switch on the wemo plug
exchange u. s. d. to g. b. p.
please would you confirm detail.
any farm markets around with local products
audio up
i want you to check what i just said please.
next episode in the podcast please
current price of google please
did renee just post to my facebook feed
switch off light
play all the programs pertaining to rock songs on the radio
send an email to dad about the weather for the week
how high is the s n. p
turn on the coffee pot
can i see my facebook feed
i want to listen to soft rock
it's excellent, appreciated.
change the color of lights
mary's contact number
lists i have
describe the empire state building
what year did this song come out
turn off the living room light
skip this podcast
please set alarm for
how to go to multi specialty hospital
power down the plug socket one
just set me reminders about pending payment of children school fees
is there a sports bar near kansas city plaza area
initialize the robot vacuum
podcast next episode
look for train tickets to edinburgh tomorrow
am i busy on Wednesday evening
how is my commute
have the vacuum cleaner clean the room
i have no idea about what to do, olly.
i need more milk
recommend a local steak restaurant
move the volume up a little
book a ticket in irctc website from sbc to mdu on may two for stored passenger list
start play
dentist appointment today at nine am
add ketchup to the list
set an alarm forty minutes from now
how much is ten u. s. d. to cad
i need you to add gary's email to my favorites
tweet at quote unquote
turn on new smart socket
keep me updated on the election results
listen to this song
turn my lights to some random color
more bright
what restaurants are open near me
find weather report
switch lights to dim red
you rock, thank you very much, olly.
anything new on insta
pontificate definition
how old is mary s.
wemo socket on
how many items are on my list
what's going on in the world these days
start radio and go to frequency on nine hundred and forty three
lower all volume on speakers please
you've done it right appreciated.
set my alarm for six am tomorrow
does not matter, olly.
did i get an email from sarah
read about mary s.
thanks for doing that.
play the miami heat and warriors game
add apples to shopping list
iphone
doesn't really matter with me.
correct response to the command.
i want to dance to the tune of raghu dixit
olly that is all, just cancel.
play the next episode of this series
start candy crush
remove soccer list from notes
what information do you have on file in my information about bill
can you please turn off the light of my bed room
please play program on xmtune
turn off all lights
is the mail from chris about work
schedule text messages for later
turn on the robot vacuum cleaner
what is six minus four
open twitter and add complaint on doctor patel's feed
what are my newest emails
can you make me coffee now
what does pro bono mean
clear my next event
let's play canasta
text sarah if she is free for brunch today
change color
your volume is too high please repeat that lower
directions to virginia beach va
show me this week's forecast
turn off wifi when you leave home to save power
whats the weather like
whats the stock price of apple
i want to listen some music play a radio station
i want to turn on the blue lights
off lights
political news of importance for the day
olly please would you just stop it.
please remove tricep pulldown from my workout list
how to make fried rice
current news cnn
check to see if my mom sent me any emails
give details of rock sand
hey put carrots on that
please submit status to facebook
cut the lights off
do i have a number for jerry
do a tournament with me in candy crush
take lunch meeting off my calendar
please turn up the lights in this room
activate the wemo plug socket
got the answer exactly.
tweet @wendys that i don't like their product
tweet error log to samsung
good night lights off
solve this equation one plus one
can you change my time zone from central time to pacific
could you explain the meaning of exorbitant for me please
what day is the meeting on
i would like you to check and confirm my last command please.
i want to listen to rock
whats on your list right now
help me make brownies
yeah wonderful response.
erase calendar events
how does the desk look
please choose a game that you can play with me
can you make the lights go out
what lists do you have on you right now
tweet consumer service that i am very disappointed with my recent interaction
i need to add a new email to my contacts
did the yankees win last night
yeap correcly.
oh it's nice one.
greg wants black coffee can you make one
turn off the kitchen lights
that is all, just cancel it.
give me the news on donald trump
search for two tickets on tuesday's train to paris
tell me which mutual funds have maximum yearly returns
how is the spouse of obama
tell the latest news about the trump
turn program on xmtune
look for a radio station called rhythm on the frequency one
that doesn't matter for me, olly.
i don't mind for any one, olly.
draft an email to kailey about work later
would you shut off.
find stock price for name
make the bedroom lights red and the hall lights normal color please
yeah fantastic.
do i have an email from person a
what is elvis favorite ride
delete the party on june first from my calendar
what is the difference between the rate of the american dollar and the pound
google can you book me a ticket on the train for tomorrow
i would like you just stop it.
could you speak louder
find my shopping list and delete it
announce a comment in facebook
have i received any mentions on twitter
send an email to rohit saying i am busy tomorrow
do i have any openings on my schedule for tomorrow
how can i contact this person
change the light to blue
add event baseball practice five pm tonight
raise the volume to sixty
add dan's email
hurriedly activates my robot vacuum cleaner
you have understood my instructions exactly.
book for me a train ticket to california
shuffle music by aaron carter
are there any delays in traffic today
i do have a to do list for today don't i
what's my to do list for today
remove a list of employees
what's the weather this week
book ticket to depart in the morning
olly would you please shut off.
start house cleanup
musch appreciated, that's good.
please set the lights off in the living room
healthy foods
would you stop it.
check and confirm my last question please.
can you define this word
tweet comcast and tell them that their service is down again
what are the climatic conditions in that area
please say the following on facebook
are there any unread messages in my inbox
lower the lights in the room
google the word
you did it exactly.
let me know the latest weather news
start vacuum cleaner
i don't mind to select any one.
loop this track
do i have any pending reminder
yeap perfect response to the command.
start podcasts on nfl
delete sherlock holmes from library
when was this song first recorded
change color of lights
recommend artists similar to rihanna
is there any grocery nearby
what is two hundred divided by ten
check and confirm the last thing said please.
get me a train ticket from mumbai to goa
i need an alarm for sunday at eight am can you please set one for me
how many dollars can i get for one yen
define elaborate
i need to change the color of this light
any important notifications
what is my grocery list
what will be the weather update for monday noon
make sure bread is on my grocery list
please change the color of my lights surprise me
how is the news in ireland
minimize the lights
book me a train ticket at earliest time tomorrow
wake me up in thirty minutes
eight hundred and eighty nine fm please
show me reviews of my nearest location food court
what's the exchange rate between czk and euro
i like you stop it.
turn on the lights
make a new list
post a tweet as follows very bad follow up by abc company not satisfied in my account
make a coffee please
what time does the train to place leave
how old is rihanna
i would like you confirm last thing i said please.
search for trains leaving tonight for london
switch off the light on the left
run vacuum cleaner
object identifier
what are the latest photos on my instagram account
add spent five dollars in my expenses list
which was that coldplay song i listened to yesterday evening can you play it again
how long will it take me to drive to work today
activate the cleaner for furniture cleaning
what is the highest microsoft stock price today
turn the light off in the living room
play games
is there more traffic in canal street
please play the next episode in the podcast
could you please check the detail.
train schedule
book a ticket for the evening train line
march fifth is john's birthday please place this on the calendar
i want to cook pasta in american style show me how
please send a complaint about my horrible experience with a company
i want coffee from the machine
can you book a train ticket for my father
put on the screen the lists i have available
where is place
is it possible for you to provide the likes of my music
set the alarm for tomorrow five am
tell me when i get new emails from principal lowry
remind me of my appointment on the fifteenth
can you tell me a good place to eat
please confirm it.
new policies
lower the volume of the speakers
i like you just cancel it.
can i get a train ticket to chicago for next saturday around noon
i don't mind for whatever.
open tic tac toe
is it supposed to rain tomorrow
can you please check my last question.
send a request to martin
don't bother, olly.
what song do i listen to the most
open google keep
i dont need light
please turn on repeat all
answer for three times four
start radio station one oh seven point five fm
thanks for asssistance.
please turn off the porch light
please power down
does not matter for me, olly.
play the next recording
should i bring warm clothes
can you see to it that the coffee maker is ready with my filter coffee in approximately ten minutes from now
scratch that one from the list
rewind button
add practice to calendar on feb four at king's park at two pm
let's roll the dice
how long do i chill an icebo pie
whats the traffic like near ypsilanti
hi olly change the color of lights in my room to red
do i have enough ingredients in my refrigerator
i would not bother.
please clear the list
would you check what i said.
raise the brightness of the lights
start radio play
color of light should be dimmed bright
whats my schedule today
remove my event at one pm in my calendar
yeah perfect response to command.
three times two equals six
lights brighter
olly that's all, just stop.
weather this week
play led zeppelin houses of the holy
what is the track information currently
raise the light
add erosser@hotmail dot com as a new contact for emily rosser
how far is orlando from my house
what events are scheduled this week
please turn off the lamp
lower my music player volume by fifty percent of its current level
can you make a red shade of light in the living room
what is that on the list
i did not want you to send that text yet wait until i say send
give me the morning news
lights off bathroom
move on to the next podcast episode
eight am in manila is what in new york
event remove
tweet at koc your waiting time sucks
start the robot vacuum cleaner now
add ashley to the wedding invite list
create an event gym day on monday and set it to repeat
please brighten the room
convert eight thirty from gtm four to g. m. t. five thirty
what's happening in my social media
i want to listen to electric slide
open vacuum cleaner
what degree is it outside
add this email to a new contact
when does the super bowl officially start
that's amazing job, musch appreciated.
tell me the names on the list
provide contact location
yes great response to the command.
whats was the value of x if x plus two equals five
send a tweet to kroger about being overcharged for groceries
tell me what's happening on social media
would you check and confirm question please.
new friends request details
it was wonderful.
i want you to remove this event
what is trending in tech today
running train status to vienna
tell me the trains from california to new jersey after eleven pm
it is useful, thank you so much.
lower volume of music player
please tell me news related to the stock market
what are amd stock prices
post the following as a status on facebook
do i need to wear sunscreen today
i don't want eggs
hey please provide information about events by the end of the day
did i get any replies from jan
please turn off the plug socket of my phone when it'll be charged
take note of today as my first date with bob
turn off shuffle
please set the lights to green
what is a chair
can i see the previous episode
it was amazing, olly.
i need an email to be sent to comcastcom about my service issues
how is the weather down in orange tx
wouldn't know, olly.
play my motivational playlist
what is the price of starbuck's stock
what all lists are available
lights on
play hoizer radio station from my pandora app
remind me about my biology test at fsu on friday
change the lights to red
remove a list please
are there any traffic issues
olly skip two songs
open td ameritrade
please remind me about the event later five pm
i'd like a cappuccino please
how much is us dollar against rupee
whats around
create a blank list
how do i cook a meatloaf
i'm looking for some dress shows can you find clothing stores within one mile
is the road a free way or a toll road
what year did george clooney start acting
show me latest notifications
open stock price for name
can you look up train ticket prices for me
vacuum the living room in ten minutes
new messages
please darken the lights
tell me about mary s. in my contacts
anything would be fine with me.
could you shut down.
i would like a cup of coffee with one cream and three sugars
create an alarm for six am
is it going to snow tonight
please check all new email of income tax department
book a train ticket on the five hundred and two in fifteen minutes
what's traffic look like over the golden gate bridge
have no idea regarding to what to do.
can you please switch off the lights
have i got new content in my twitter feed
play the radio station one hundred and one point nine
search and play a radio station with news
i need a ticket for a train ride to atlanta
what stores have clearance
find me the perfect girlfriend
i wouldn't really mind.
that is all.
i want to wake up at six am tomorrow please
what is the answer to this math question
get a me a train ticket to milwaukee from chicago on sunday morning
lower lights down
what did jeff post on the yard sale page
i want to cook italian dishes show me some
breaking news fox news
format the calendar
please shut off the kitchen lights
go to sirius and play the hip hop channel
what is the exchange of euro to dollars
play any country music station
that is cool, thanks, olly.
fantastic response to command.
can you turn up the volume
hello can you give the contact details for a particular service centre
what is ten times ten
can you boil the kettle
yes you have done that exactly.
make my coffee
any one will be okay with me, olly.
set reminder for tomorrow for this item
make my lights green
what is the name of the artist that created this song
please will you check and confirm what i just said.
send email to cat that i will accept job offer
reduce the brightness
create a new list please
what lists do i have
i like you to confirm the details please.
how much would it cost to buy stock in apple
are there any updates on facebook
activate robot cleaner in an hour
remove the list of apps which started with letter a
how far away is the nearest rest stop
play next on podcast
stop repeating this song
remind me to go grocery shopping today
prepare some cups of coffee for us
is that the song from spectre
Explain object
please increase the volume to maximum
hey what is the definition of survey
please warm up coffee machine
what music service has some soul music i can listen to
what is the answer to two plus two
how do i braise a pork loin
i would like the recipe for baked chicken
should i take my raincoat with me now
could you open my list app and check for groceries please
how much of the earth is made up of water
refer the stock price of hdfc
i want you check the last thing i said please.
what are the subject line and sender from today's email inbox
i would like to know the best rating pubs in the local area
that is unimportant to me, olly.
when is jacob's birthday
update on email
rahul contact
display my list
please tune in to fm ninety five
in classic all music are there ever any singers
give me a geographic fact about vilnius
find list in my pda
get me two train tickets from where i am now to dallas arriving before dark
after this song play atmosphere
have i gotten any new emails from mary
vacuum the carpet freshener from the carpet
have the roomba run the living room
where is a walking trail near me
whats the dow jones at today
how many degrees is it in orange tx right now
clear this list
how many calories are in a one divided by of peanuts
tell me summary forecast microsoft stock forecast to thirty days ahead
please open chess game i would like to play with you
add a five am alarm in place of my nine pm alarm
raise lights
what is the current traffic situation
i don't really mind.
please give me all shop names in a two mile radius
get recipe for making a hotdog
what album is this song on
move forward ten minutes in this podcast
dim the lights in the kitchen
convert one pound to us dollar
olly would you shut up please.
please delete the meeting i have with john tonight
what on my calendar
remind me about the meeting
let's do math
could you just cancel it please.
call dad
delete my shopping list
tweet terrible service
tell me the current dollar ratio for the us and canada
play the song title
what do you get when you multiply sixteen by nine
are there any available train tickets to reserve
will I need a raincoat when I go to glasgow on sunday
set the music volume to ninety
what is the latest from my feed
crockpot recipe for chicken alfredo
where jackie chan currently live
can you show me the popular posts from facebook today
erase my grocery list
it does not matter to me, olly.
is one divisible by three
increase the volume so that i can hear it in other room
my games to play in my computers
exchange rates of inr and u. s. d.
play music i have liked
deactive the socket
change light colors
remind me to have launch with boss today at one pm
turn lights off in bedroom
yeah you've understood my instructions perfectly.
confirm the last thing said please.
increase light
erase the chore list
give me a company for playing football
i have no idea for which to choose, olly.
how many eggs should i put in my cake mixture
can you start the coffee
what color is a dragon fruit
i'd like you just cancel.
add a reminder for april twenty as my bro's birthday
what is the time difference between india and ivory coast
add john@gmail dot com to contacts
is there anything on my list today
can you please confirm detail.
how many tablespoons are there in a cup
thirteenth june is a day of election result please set it
i wouldn't bother, olly.
i need some coffee please
olly that's all, stop it.
turn up volume
remind me at one thousand three hundred
tweet something for me
post this pic to facebook
can you please turn off my wemo plug
olly will you stop.
olly could you shut off.
right response to command.
what's new on my facebook account
every wednesday night at five pm remind me to meet phil
add grocery shopping to today's to do list
can you please book train tickets for two for this friday
when did beyonce and jay z get married
increase the light a little
please play trivial pursuit with me
show me the path of nearest railway station
make this room brighter
on all the button on dashboard
please mark the wemo socket to off
who wrote this song
make the living room light orange
show me a list of places where my relatives have been based on their photos
how is the traffic in mg road
this item should be removed from list
whatever is okay with me.
please read the last email for me
how many dollars are in a pound
what is the daily price of johnson and johnson stock
what's trending on twitter
how old is carrie underwood
what is the exchange between dollar and british pound
turn off the nearest light to me
whats on my shopping list
what is the time difference between new york and lagos
will you please turn off the smart plug
start my playlist on i heart radio
where is the pharmacy in leavenworth
how many oscars does morgan freeman have
change the opacity of the color
give me the definition of arrow
please play the song joy to the world
send email to gary
put wash the car to my to do list
turn off my wifi
given it is four thirty five pm in london what time is it in melbourne
what is traffic
it's coffee time
in delhi traffic level too high
please dim the overhead lights
please clean the floor
set a new alarm for that time
tell me the recipe for yellow rice
wikipedia page about sean connery
olly turn the volume up
is anything trending on social media today
get the duet game
find me the local npr station
add dr rosenstock as an email contact
how much time is a train to there
play music radio for me
where can i find the nearest irish pub in my area
i need an alarm set for five hundred and thirty am tomorrow
what did the clinic say about my exams
this does not matter, olly.
book me a train ticket to barcelona please
i need to turn the lights down
send a text to alice
can you turn off wemo plug socket
check the command.
lower the volume on the speakers
play jingle bells next
what shops are round here
that is all, just cancel.
dim my light
please make some coffee for me
get rid of tax list from nineteen ninety
pull up my party playlist
is starbucks stock up or down from last quarter
initiate polling for new email
where seth lives
alert me at five hours
light green
who sings the song about a long black train
start words with friends
tell me about sean connery
turn on the vacuum
what is the time of the morning train headed to chicago
please find me the pe most recent news on
i am no longer attending the wedding on the tenth so remove it from my calendar
send email to mom asking about the weather
buy me a train ticket
prepare to send an outgoing reply message
refresh my list and tell me whats on it
decrease volume to very soft
yeah wonderful.
can you pull up jeff
i want to clean my bedroom put the vacuum on and go to my room
color change of lights
play the local r. n. b. radio station
what is the best hardware store near me
can you please turn on npr where i am
brighten the lights a little bit
delete my meeting event for march nineteen at one pm
mario
please turn off right side of light
find the best rock station near my location and turn it on
make five coffee tell the coffee machine
how do you describe a capabara
are there any accidents today
bed room two switch off the lights
make a list of all the halloween events going around in new york
next episode in podcast
vacuum the house
what is today's weather in springfield
i cup of joe would be nice right now
the list contain what
is there anything new on snapchat
hey i want to send an email to my friend
define transcendet
i would like to know the meaning of word
how would you define a car
disable shuffle
i want more light
how to cook spaghetti squash
add to my groceries
make the lights pink at the house
please set my alarm clock for eight am
Song next please
complain to philips
tell to joe's email that come to my house in this moment i am alone
you did good job, thanks.
please remove this event from my calendar
yes you have done it exactly.
would you shut up please.
how's the weather like in beijing
update me on the standing rock protest
i need to leave on the five pm train to rockville
when is my doctor's appointment
add a new email address which is
exchange rate for converting ten dollar to euro
turn on the socket
remind me to buy jeans on my shopping list
read email
remove my dinner event for monday
yeah please.
what is six divided by two
what is next in my calendar
i need some more lights
what is the temperature in indianapolis indiana
shut the smart socket down
change the media room lights from purple to green
ask for the weather today morning
if i have fifty dollars and spend twenty four how many dollars will i have left
how many times does fifty go into one million
check my email
how much is dollars american worth in yen
Please play this game
show contact of john
put a seven pm meeting time down for march fourteenth
brew some coffee
please make me a coffee using the coffee machine
delete all appointments for tomorrow
i need to know about the height of mount everest
will play chess
can you please put the vacuum on
check my facebook notification
that doesn't really matter.
tell me the area code for jen k
next episode please
it's dirty here make some noise
what is the total of 500 and 23
i have a meeting with sean at four pm on wednesday can you remind me
i don't really mind for anything.
whatever would be ok to me.
read me the front page of the new york times
remove my grocery list
do i have any meetings on friday's afternoon
find a grocery store in town that carries creamed pickled herring
email mom and ask how the weather is there
you rock,.
find game
please search for this word
prepare my coffee
what's the stock of apple
turn off bedroom fan
would not really care, olly.
play solitaire with me
start a pot of coffee please
i need you to turn off the light of my bed room
change your colors to something different
turn wemo on
please delete bananas from my shopping list
delete shopping from my list
excellent response to the command.
what is a cookie recipe
define forensic
turn off my room lights
let's play chess
keep the socket in off condition
don't care.
delete lunch tomorrow
send reply to joe
remove dinner with mike from my calendar
can you tell me the contact information of jo
is it snowing in seattle
please contact michael m from my list with this text
complain to amazon customer service for me
i need to book a train for tomorrow to go to new york
why are whales big
bring me the title of current music
how old is emma watson newest boyfriend
yeap you have gotten the command perfectly.
trash file one
turn the lights on party mode
olly i need to call my mom will you check her work number for me
tweet @phohouse your server was rude #badpho
how old is christie brinkley
would you check and confirm the details please.
what is the latest news from cbs
set the alarm for nine am on weekends
i'd like you check my last question please.
did i add milk to the shopping list
back one episode
please turn on my robot vacuum cleaner
this is unimportant to me.
please remove a list
in every three hours give me my facebook update
play for me jazz music
can you put the lights on the high setting
book a train ticket with a berth seat to lucknow for next week
play the electronic playlist
what is a good lave to eat near me
that's all, just stop.
tell me the office address of my brother
olly could you stop.
please create a new list for me
please raise the volume of speaker
can i get a recipe for tuna
what time is the party tonight
i want coffee everyday
dim the lights to level two
get me a ride on the commuter train from nj to ny
will it be nice at the beach on friday
show current news from bbc
turn on the plug
what's an easy recipe to cook for food
what is amazon worth
what else is on the list
when is president's day
olly can you shut up.
give me all my lists
please list the available rain trips to location a
let's hear ninety two point one
yeap excellent response to the command.
has anyone follow me today on twitter today
turn up radio volume
can you tell me about my meetings next week
stock up or down for walgreens
turn the lights blue at three pm
current traffic conditions
explain how to set my coffee machine
convert five s. d. to rials
please empty my calendar
add the new email to my contacts
play candy crush with me
show list items
how much is five dollars worth in euros
please turn off the wemo plug
i would like instructions on how to cook baked chicken
please lower the shuffle rate of hips don't lie
describe the statue of liberty
could you please check that.
you've done it correctly thanks, olly.
could you calculate five plus five
when does the next train to work leave
what is the root of six hundred and twenty five
you are helpful, thanks.
tell me my music likes
what's the news in politics on cnn
anything is okay with me.
tell me the preparation method for chicken sixty five
please find out the share price of i. b. m. in nasdaq
play my morning playlist
that's all, just cancel it.
please book a ticket form jaipur to mumbai on tuesday
please turn on the smart socket
can you describe to me what a pineapple looks like
is the answer of five plus two seven
make this email a new contact
is the train time to a location long
play station gx in the radio
what is on the agenda for the four pm meeting with joe
what are departure arrival times for this train
how much is b. p. in u. s. d.
forward to four twenty
how many months in a year
hey play the songs from my playlist named good tunes
find a recipe that uses ground beef and zucchini
will you send the email to greg
what is the difference between yesterday's and today's stock prices for walmart
rewind to four twelve
please play for me elvis presley song again
can you read me my lists
play the breakfast club
tell me the email address for aunt ruth
turn office lights off
just add a new email in my contacts from michael
don't really care.
turn off the fan in the master bedroom
stock market
please confirm my last instruction.
speak softer please
recipe for meal
how do you activate the robot vacuum cleaner
lights turn off
whatever would be good to me, olly.
is there bad traffic on the highway right now
reduce the light power
i do not care.
did you get what i just said correctly?
can you make it a little quieter
turn down lights
i want to hear play that funky music
show me some vegan restaurants close by
go near vacuum cleaner
add shopping to my to do list
send an email to my family wishing them a happy holiday
i need to edit marie jones email address to read
please make me some coffee
please talk softer
olly could you please shut up.
play me the new podcast from npr
make sure there is no events on my calendar
book train ticket to new york
show me a spaghetti recipe
what ingredients do i need for tomato soup
was there any articles on shark attacks on snapchat yesterday
please shut up.
have my iroomba clean the house
what is the time difference between eastern and pacific
i would like to know the traffic condition
do i have any new emails from sarah
is it going to rain in seattle today
are there any recent emails from rohit
can you turn up the volume on itunes
tell me about it
google i. b. m. stock prices
current price of coca cola stock
i can't hear you can you say it again louder
play last reason podcast
Show chicken tikka recipe
what is the best tasting cut of beef
please delete my lunch date from the march twenty third schedule
i need a train ticket to denver
new reminder at three pm
anything is ok to me.
set an alarm for thursday at seven pm
get contact
change color of the light to red outside the house
raise the volume of my music player by fifty percent
would you check the details please.
speaker volume increase
read my lists to me
i need you to convert nine am cst to est time
i want to hear tum hi ho next
what is the square root of four
turn on the wemo plug
add new email to my contacts macs@gmail dot com
play r and b
i would like to listen to this programme on radio
open cnn app
did you get last thing said correctly?
what movie is this song from
what is mr taxi's phone number it is in my contacts
is it possible to drive now in ohio
what does a grapefruit look like
are there any meetings set for next wednesday
i need one cup of coffee
don't mind.
it is too loud decrease the volume
what is the price of amd on the stock market
turn the living rooms lights off
turn up music please
turn the lights down in the living room
show me the current traffic nearby me
find nearest train station
check inbox for mail from sarah
what is zero divided by zero
remind me of meeting five minutes before time
dim the lights in my bedroom
one thousand two hundred and thirty pm already you will have a meeting in ten mins
tune into the nearest english fm station
please email celine
is there any events planned for the next three months
set alarm at two am
sum of five and two
what's john's home phone number
yes you got answer correcly.
what's the weather in toronto today
i want to hear surfin usa
ah that was great work.
siri open twitter tweet @potus sucks
change light color
tell me which stocks were the biggest gainers in stock market nasdaq today
could you please set an alarm at six am
what's the exchange between u. s. d. and cad
have bing's stocks dropped
i would like you check details please.
where does john smith live and what is his phone number
appreciate your answers, olly.
let's play fmod
is that song from shakira
Switch off the smart socket
please give me detail one dollars equals rs
great work, you did well, olly.
i need to find a gift what stores are within a one mile radius
start the coffee machine
what are the train times for today
go to the list and remove item
open facebook messenger
please can you confirm it.
can you confirm it.
i like you just cancel.
what is the best way to cook pasta al dente
new updates
what genre is this song currently playing
please turn off kitchen light
can you remove this item from the list
can you get me a cup of coffee please
yeap fantastic response to command.
send a confirmation email to sandy
jane doe emails
switch to eastern time zone
is there any construction on route sixty six
what the conversion rate from yen to us dollars
set alarm for reminder
turn on the coffee machine to make me some coffee
brighten lights in living room
when i should leave to office
will i need my snow boots this afternoon
will you check and confirm the instruction please.
company coming over turn on the vacuum cleaner right now
forex rate of euro to u. s. d.
yes it's excellent.
i want to read yahoo news
make the wemo go on
tell me the exchange rate of rupee for dollar
what temperature do you bake a potato
thanks, that's fantastic job, olly.
find me a recipe of spaghetti
show number and contact email of rehan
yeah amazing response.
turn the room light off
what is the weather like outside
can you define conservative politics
who is this
what is the title of this song and please shuffle songs from the artist that sang it
do i have any emails from katherine
i would like it to be able to find recipes i have
how many american dollars are in a euro
boiled
play the jazz station
is there any event today in my calendar
where is the closest restaurant
turn off one light in my bedroom
check mails
turn the volume up on music player
what list do i have
i would not mind for any one.
lower the volume to twenty
what is the list type
list things on my list
whats two hundred divided by five
book a train ticket for me
directions to nearest apple store
how is the traffic today
my party list
send a tweet to apple that their batteries drain too fast
dollar rate of philippiness peso
that is all, just stop.
power off please
can you set a reminder for wednesday at one pm for my meeting
what is the exchange rate between u. s. d. and inr
increase the brightness of the light it is hard to see down here
is mary smith in my contacts list
can you begin the brew
am i gonna need rain boots
post i am happy to facebook
unmute my sound
open minestart game from previous played level
can you put on the next i heart music radio show
olly can you shut up please.
go to the next episode in this podcast
video games
display recent email from john
change the light colors
how long do i need to cook a brisket for it to be medium
start a competitive crossword for us
show various plants in earth
kenny roger's lady play
i want to drink the coffee that you made
update my contacts with the new contact sam@gmail dot com
search for gluten free menus
whats the latest
yes that's amazing.
yeap good.
what's the name of this song
let's suck out the dust
you should reply to the mail
what clothes store would you recommend here
brighten more light
please add list of friends to invite for the party
is it going to rain in the next few days in tucson
show me some food court nearest to my location
remind me to meet joe for lunch tomorrow
please delete the contacts that i havent spoken to in three of months
please remove the grocery list from my set of lists
you are so smart.
too loud
increase the volume to fifty
turn_down speakers
traffic congestion issues
how high is pikes peak
could you fix me some coffee
book a ticket to ny by train
when does the train from kansas city to iowa leave
what was the stock price for google yesterday
what is a peso worth in dollars
you have done your understanding correcly.
play country music
thanks, it's perfect, olly.
brighter
give me the latest updates
please proceed to the next available rock song
what's happening in the news
ah that is great one.
email tom
turn the lights off
lets play chess together
paper scissors or stone
will you just stop it please.
change the color of the light
speak loudly
i would like to play tetris
you did awesome work, thank you so much.
remind me about tomorrow meeting at ten am
can you tell me whats on my shopping list
make a repeating reminder for my yoga practice every day at noon
when is the next lakers game
turn on coffee machine and make a pot of coffee
show dan's contact detail
how many sides are on a pentagon
time difference between uk and us
yes agree.
what's the stock price of this item
tell me what is the nicest place to go
can you delete the doctors appointment i had Tuesday
longest river in the world
how is the traffic right now
could you please tell me what is the rate for pound to u. s. d.
what is the name of this musical group
delete my groceries list
can you raise the lights for me please
yeap you have got my instructions perfectly.
open up a new list
play my country playlist
change my room lights to blue
play my game
please confirm the weather for the thirteenth of this month
book my chair class ac train ticket from manhattan to new york
turn my smart plug socket on
find me square root of forty nine
make a call to
who is scheduled for tomorrow's meeting
send report to consumer service
can you turn my bedroom lights off
name the singer
give me election updates
how long is it from dalls to san antonio by train
birth date for movie star keanu reeves
make coffee for me
train times to glasgow
how much does stock cost in walmart
please check email from my boss
please dim the lights
add jpearsonjessica@gmail dot com to email contacts
usa today headlines
have i gotten any new emails
add grocery shopping to my to do list
play my usher radio station
i want dimmer lights
what's happening in world news today
can you really see russia from alaska
please speak loud
turn the speakers down to five percent
please tell kmart they sent the wrong item
can you delete the dentist appointment
play an fm
White
would you please check the detail.
did i get an email from mike
make new list
thanks for your answers.
new list
let's play never have i ever
remove the board meeting and reschedule for next wednesday
what is the title of the song
what is the seattle city council doing about homelessness
could you confirm my last instruction please.
please add complaint about the service in tweet to olive garden
set an alarm for one hour from now
please have vacuum go for one hour
make lights brightener
thank you very much for that information.
off the plug
please find all name start with alphabetic of g and create a list
are there any detours that i need to know about
i would not mind to select any one, olly.
email my mom
it doesn't really matter, olly.
please describe about microwave
is it anyone i knows birthday this month
send an email to my boss and attach the presentation file with it apologize for being late
please turn on my coffee pot
give me some bowie
delete call newspaper from my vacation list
lower the brightness
refresh the inbox and update about any unread mails
start brewing please
erase my appointment with ted
delete that item from my list
turn on some music
dim lights
delete my next scheduled event please
make coffee at three
who is the singer
correcly.
i need to get up at seven am
delete the shopping list
please convert the time of here at nine pm to brasil time zone
i feel like playing chess can you play that
what is the rate for g. b. p. to u. s. d.
please lower music volume
book ticket for paris by train
play me a game of tic tac toe
play today's podcast from the mi
how do i cook a pasta
i want a train ticket from boston to new york
please tweet for me about the bad service rended by the taj restaurant
are there any emails i haven't read yet
what will be the temperature today for miami florida
actually what is the life style of sahara desert
send a tweet to amazon customer service that the package was delivered late
what is the temperature right now in new york
from where can i get a train ticket for athens
how do i steam rice
tell me distance between sun and moon
wake me up at time
place family phone on instagram
what is the latest news on sprint
how much is one serving of broccoli
remove eric name
minimize the light power
turn on flappy bird
at one pm today start the robot vacuum cleaner
can you shut up please.
schedule meeting with laura
turn the lights blue
how long should i cook chicken for
how is shell s stock doing today
will the fast food shop at the corner open today
make the lights less bright
i need to hear sound on my speakers
add something@gmail dot com to my contacts
play the next episode of adele's podcast
