tweet the current temperature
please check if i got any emails from mom
i want you just cancel it.
trash file one
what time does the train arrive in sacremento
i need more light
wonderful job, you have done well.
turn off the upstairs bathroom light
what is ten times ten
describe a tomatillo
turn lights off in kitchen
change the color of my lights to something random
tweet on the bad service
start email for address not in contacts
can you tell me my recent emails
thursday at three pm there is a teachers meeting i need to be reminded of
delete list
what is the time difference between central and eastern
please check and tell me contact details of mongomery llc company
how many countries are in the european union
are there any accidents today
brighten the light of hall
what genre is this song currently playing
give me the driving directions from faripir to gurpur
it is too dark in here increase the brightness of the lights
could you harvest the crops in farmvile
book ticket to depart in the morning
money exchange
how much later is new york than la
yes you've understood that right.
let's play never have i ever
play it louder
tweet to mcdonalds saying that i found a hair in their burger
add this person's email
change the station to eighty two point four
add mop to hardware store list
i would not really mind, olly.
exact.
make the socket available for me
display latest emails
how do you make cookies
that doesn't matter to me, olly.
that is cool, musch appreciated.
what is a monitor
turn off the upstairs lights
would you check and confirm the question please.
play me the bbc radio podcast
speaker volume increase
can i pass the bypass road at current traffic
add jane's birthday party at one hundred and twenty three main for two pm tomorrow on my calendar
latest news feed from facebook
please set this date to repeat
travel book a train ticket
what's the best italian restaurant in atlanta
ticket for new york
turn the volume up
let me know of any incoming emails for the last hour please
show me what the ingredients are
i want to hear my favorite jazz music genre
please give me the latest feed updates
set my alarm for six am tomorrow
should i wear a hat today
what is the temperature i am supposed to cook this lasagna at
what's the latest news on donald trump
are there any traffic issues
play anything new from my podcast subscriptions
this is unimportant, olly.
give me red lights
tell me the music that is playing
open the local news app
give me some bowie
thank you very much for your answers.
how is the traffic
please send the email to abc@gmail dot com instead of xyz@gmail dot com
move to the next song in the list
play rush limbaugh on ninety seven fm
let me know when you hear about france
turn up lights
play anything by cat stevens and i'll be happy
i am no longer attending the wedding on the tenth so remove it from my calendar
what is the price of starbuck's stock
would you please confirm the last thing i said.
tell me what the product of eighteen and thirty one is
what are the lyrics to the song i will always love you by Dolly parton
hey olly inform me about latest picture updated by priya chopra on instagram
shut off the lights
search cost for amtrak luxury to los angeles
turn down lights
will you please put something something@gmail dot com in my contacts
i want the light to be switched off
please delete all meeting after seven am
change my mum's email in my phonebook
change the time zone from washington to new york
make it brighter
yeap fantastic response.
please find the most popular store in the area
new alarm for six am
play podcast episode new
begin vacuum cleaning
how does the desk look
change lighting colours
do i have anything on my to do list
can you tell me the current traffic condition of my location
create a new list please
make sure my shuffles are always repeat and always shuffled
is i. b. m. up today
can you check and confirm the question please.
add every girl life by evelyn mayer to the must read list
olly please would you shut down.
play chopin
describe london for me please
yes great response to the command.
get train ticket
go to youtube and play me the best wedding songs collection
find me a train ticket for the next trip to washington dc
how the list of upcoming events
flag two day after this day as my holiday
it does not matter with me, olly.
send an email to frank and ask them what the weather going to be like this week
is today a sunscreen day
how many pages long is harry potter
switch on the radio and play hello fm station
house can you make all the lights in the house blue
where can i find the nearest irish pub in my area
give me directions for the place
change my clock to central time zone from my current zone
add john@gmail dot com to contacts
get command exactly.
could you please find me the latest news from a source that i do not usually go to
increase volume by two levels
find the serial podcast and play it
what is the root of six hundred and twenty five
remove that event from list
please purchase a train ticket for this weekend
use that email address as a contact
tell me who will win the next presidential election
put the radio on
send an email to juanpedro@gmail dot com
create a playing teams and play with them
turn off lobby light
yeah exact response to the command.
what are the upcoming reminders
yeap you have gotten the command perfectly.
what is this person's contact information
office lights off
turn down the sound
how is the traffic in florida
oh that's good, olly.
is the balloon festival this weekend
currency conversion of u. s. d. and eur
play the radio
reply to erins email by saying i will be on time
turn down the lights to medium
delete bread from shopping list
yes you have done it exactly.
let me know about the stock rate of a microsoft
please start the radio
give me the definition of carion
lower the lights
enter this to a list
erase all events
start the coffee machine
please add one plus one
tell me what's on my holiday list
see if john is available for a meeting on Monday
change the light in the bathroom to yellow
this is unimportant.
remind me to move so there is no weight gain
any new email since last time
i want you to check and confirm what last said please.
is this program is scheduled
please book the five pm train to rockville
i'd like you just stop.
start brewing please
do not care.
what is the temperature today
Please lower the volume
inform me of my new emails
transition lights to blue to green to yellow
do i have email from my friend rachel
set the alarm to seven am for work
buy me today train ticket to city leeds
i want to hear the latest podcast episode of s town
what does two plus two equal
remind me after a month
how many euro in u. s. d.
turn on the wemo plug socket to connect my charger to it
when is the doctor's appointment
who is the singer of this song right now
tell me sum of five and six
can you create a new list in the playlist
set an alarm for next tuesdays meeting
is the exchange rate changed from yesterday
do i have any music by lady antebellum
how many lists do i have in contacts
book the the next train ticket to chennai
please remind me of all the nba scores in a week
send an email to emma
check last thing said please.
how tall is frank goggins
start next episode playing
whats was the value of x if x plus two equals five
set notification from world news
hey play my favourite podcast from list
define session
play papa pear saga
check in contacts
rahul contact
please remove apples from my grocery list
please order one train ticket to los angeles
schedule lunch at tomo in arcata california tomorrow at noon
can you forward an episode in the podcast
color of light should be dimmed bright
whats the weather now
add dan's email
yes good response to command.
i'd like a cappuccino please
what is mary s.'s phone number
send mail to bubbles i want to meet her tomorrow at two pm in office
include meeting in the list
set the alarm for five am
spread some lights
please delete bananas from my shopping list
search for nearby chinese restaurants
can you increase the volume of the speakers
remove my event at one pm in my calendar
is jimmie's party on friday cancelled
please lower the lights a little bit
whats around
what is the answer to dollars minus dollars
by switch off
i need to send an email to michael
what are the big news stories on twitter
switch up the color of the lights in the house
have any suggestions for local italian food
find my shopping list and delete it
what is a work phone number of emilia
can you upload my latest selfie in my instagram
do i have any thing going on at five
i want to play rock paper scissors let's play
pull up list
set reminder for tomorrow for this item
will you please show me my lists
please set a monthly reminder for paying rent
repeat the current song
what does happy mean
how many teaspoons are in a cup
play new rihanna song
please answer jean's email
i couldn't hear you repeat that louder
did renee just post to my facebook feed
whose song is this
what's the stock price of this
please set alarm at five pm
i want to listen to the new sam harris episode
clear the list
convert one us dollar to british pound
what is happening in the world news
play mindsweeper with me
did i receive a message from kevin
could you open my list app and check for groceries please
how many dollars are in a euro
that's cool, thank you very much, olly.
remind me if i miss my evening walk routine
who has responded to my business within the last twenty four hours
latest news on traffic at my current location
olly stop please.
i want to play a game
hi can you please turn lower the lights
tell me what's new
train schedule
can you provide me with the contact information assigned to this person
would you check and confirm question please.
can you confirm it.
is this the correct area code for my boss
cancel meeting at three
erase my appointment for march seven
what is jimmy johns's corporate number
why are whales big
what is the time difference between eastern and pacific
skip forward
turn off wifi when you leave home to save power
direct me towards nearest railway station
good response to the command.
please convert nine am cst to est time
local shops
list the games you can play with me
go to the station fm ninety six point five
did you get the detail correctly?
do i have any emails from jessica
i want to play a game with you
find joel osteen's broadcast on sirius
start a list of dog names
turn on kitchen light
please wake me up at eight am
hey olly tell my today's top news
eliminate the list kickball but make sure the contacts remain
yeah it's confirmed.
turn on the wemo
play poker with me
how old is barack obaba
did you get the last thing said correctly?
i can't hear just increase the volume
is there any traffic
open tic tac toe
can we turn up the lights
give me the headlines from sky news
increase
remind me about tomorrow meeting at ten am
is there any salon in babaji nagar
find list in my pda
please can you check the last thing i said.
play howard stern on sirius
erase my whole calendar
myspace
show me pancakes
please define forensic
play for me jazz music
create a new to do list
nice job, you have done well, olly.
can you turn on the wemo plug socket
it doesn't really matter, olly.
anything is ok to me.
make a cup of coffee for me
definition of velocity
please would you check instruction.
yes correct response.
i need a place that will deliver pizza to me in benton ar
increase brightness in the room
yes that's fantastic.
show me my calendar event this Friday afternoon
please cancel my next hair cut
please create a new tweet
send a tweet about my complaint on my truck to consumer digest
i would talk to you later on.
tell me my latest email
set alarm for saturday morning soccer practice at eight am
do you know how to answer this math question
light up the lights in the kitchen
delete my next scheduled event please
what is new in politics today can you filter out trump news though
could you please confirm if leonardo is married
is it supposed to rain tomorrow
what are the prices to get to chicago on a train book the cheapest one
u. s. d. to yen
could you please lower the tone
skip this podcast
what is the us dollar and euro exchange rate
what information do you have on file in my information about bill
time difference between uk and us
please add this song to work out playlist
run the vacuum
change the light color the red
please could you shut off.
tell me the name of my lists
please make the lights blue
let's roll the dice
is there anything new on reddit
what is my schedule for june fourteenth two thousand and seventeen
switch on radio mango
i would talk to you later.
i want to know what supermarket near me has the best price on gluten free bread
tell me the current weather for danville il
hey can you please make me a creamy coffee
you have understood my instructions perfectly.
what is the exchange rate between us dollars and bitcoin
how much traffic is there right now in bowery street
turn on the roomba for me
what is the name of the lead singer in this band
what is my schedule for tomorrow
play music that are classical only
what tv show is jennifer aniston on
please confirm last thing said.
rewind the episode of podcast
what is the value of apple
will it snow next week
what is the weather for this week
is there any rap that doesn't involve sex money and drugs
how is the exchange rate for microsoft
will it rain in the noon
play next episode
remove today's meeting at evening
please turn up the screen brightness all the way
ah it's great work.
how much is the euro versus the canadian dollar
will you check and confirm instruction.
audio on
yes that is confirmed.
i want to see the twitter handler of samsung
what happened last week
load up ghost recon wildlands
turn the left light off
would you stop it.
that is unimportant.
what is the exchange rate for the english pound and us dollar
turn up the volume
book a train ticket with a berth seat to lucknow for next week
confirm that the alarm is set for tomorrow
delete lunch tomorrow
what is four plus five
erase calendar events
siri what is one american dollar in japanese yen
make a cup of coffee
hey send an email to my friend
yeah correct response to the command.
turn on the wemo plug socket
what is the capital of new hampshire
what is the traffic now
cancel list
what is the definition of forensic
start the radio now
new item for list
it's too bright in here can you turn a light off
is the answer of five plus two seven
correcly.
has derek logged into facebook today
play candy crush
please will you shut off.
do i have any notifications from social media
please find the recipe for meatballs
@nikesupport i need some assistance regarding some shoes i bought last week
what's the traffic on the one hundred and one
i am ready to hear the next episode of podcast
give me the definition of the word fondle
play music from workout playlist
can i see my lists for today
convert the american dollar to the euro
play subway surfers with me
next podcast
find shoe shopping near my home
cancel the plan of party
tell me what lists i have
double cappuccino small please
hoover the carpets around
is the traffic smooth right now
add a wrist watch to the shopping list
olly will you shut down please.
how many emails do i have from work today
next episode please
create a new list for school supplies
please program volume settings for sixteen when i'm in the room at fourteen for when i've gone to bed
turn on the vacuum cleaner
google can you book me a ticket on the train for tomorrow
i'd like a cup of coffee please
hey what is the definition of recipe
turn the lights on party mode
power yourself on
plays the podcast from the beginning
can you set the vacuum to start cleaning at ten am time
do i have any new emails from sarah
help me buy a train ticket to denver for next tuesday morning
please delete the contacts that i havent spoken to in three of months
find new trump articles but not from fox news
turn wemo plug socket off
how long should i simmer rice for
make coffee for me
find a recipe for chicken alfredo
what are meeting scheduled for today
are there any grocery stores nearby
alarm time for twelve pm
find a grocery store in town that carries creamed pickled herring
what is the value of the yen right now
well done, appreciated.
appreciated, olly.
you've done your understanding correcly.
whatever would be good.
get louder
how have megatel shares done last week
remove a list of employees
give me the exchange rate between united states dollar and japanese yen
play for me the music by the beatles
turn off lights of kitchen
what were the first number of email subjects i got today
show me the name of the song playing right now
make coffee
wake me up at five am this week
well done, musch appreciated.
don't mind to choose any one.
how much is a round trip train ticket to go to new york
show me derek's contact information
honda stock price
delete all details in event
turn on notification for all news on the stock market
do i have a sales meeting today
turn off the kitchen lights
play jumper by third eye blind
do i have anything scheduled in my events
can you remove my to do list
what genre is most played on my music player
lights off bathroom
what is the title of this song
hows twitter
could you shut down.
can you set an alarm for me
run game
in jodhpur traffic level is very low
can you make me coffee now
can you tell me a latest news
make a laundry setting for the volume at twenty
i'd like to listen to my favorite morning show in the car on the way to work please
add broccoli to my grocery list
bed room two lights off
please warm up coffee machine
create a playlist
this song is composed by whom
get me a ride on the commuter train from nj to ny
lets play pinball
remind me about my monday meeting with peter francis fifteen minutes before the meeting
please play the podcast from happypeoplecom
erase my next event
what is six hundred euros in u. s. d.
email my mother
delete my dentist appointment
please will you check details.
turn on the tv socket when i arrive home
i want the complete weather details of seventh march
set an alarm for twelve
remove soccer list from notes
add contacts n mail
add lowes hardware to my contact emails located in cleveland ohio
do coffee
adjust the light
how many emails have i got since yesterday
play for me the game cricket
switch off the power
i feel like playing chess can you play that
turn off the lights in this room please
what does it mean to be overbearing
could you please check and confirm last thing i said.
erase that from my calendar
start robot cleaner
can you prepare a cheese sandwich
which currency is greater the us dollar or yen
is it raining now
access coffee maker begin process
find me train tickets
place family phone on instagram
what year did this song come out
send this email to reply to the latest emails
tune in some radio
search the contact
how many calories did i burn between three and five today
how many euros for one u. s. d.
were the stocks rising or declining
is it going to be cloudy or sunny today in bangalore
what does pesto mean
how much is b. p. in u. s. d.
where is italy
can you set my alarm for seven thirty am
turn the lights off please
turn on my pandora radio
add something to my list
have i received any emails from beth
send response i will be there
Hashtag loving this weather post to twitter
post this on my facebook
please turn on repeat all
i need to add a new email to my contacts
show me my playlist
please shut the lights
what is mr taxi's phone number it is in my contacts
that's useful, musch appreciated, olly.
please set reminder
what's the most popular curry place in town
pull up kate's email and write that i will let her know
reduce brightness
tweet @wendys that i don't like their product
create new contact
how much money in us would i need to have a thousand pesos
make me a cup of coffee
look up the exchange rate between dollars and bitcoin
turn off all the lights in the living room and den
is traffic heavy on route eighty today
do not really bother.
I'll take my coffee, black
it does not matter to me, olly.
play flappy bird
book me a train ride covering five destinations to see in new york
what events are going to happen in my city between two four pm today
exchange rates of inr and u. s. d.
turn on when plugged in else turn off
turn_down speakers
whats needed to make pizza
put classic rock on
who is singing the song i am listening to right now
can you turn msnbc on in the car
i want to hear this podcast
turn on shuffle
set track twenty eight in music player on repeat
turn the volume down
open lists remove list
show the list that are available with numbers
is it possible to drive now in ohio
what is twenty percent of one hundred and fifty
do you know how to cook risotto
what am i up to this weekend
what are the chances of the stock market closing below the two hundred moving average in the next fourteen days
delete my dr k appointment in march
please will you check it.
are you solve my math
calculate two multiplied by two
The latest climate and weather news
email mom and ask how the weather is there
tell me the name of this song
tweet complaint to american eagle customer service
please tune in to fm ninety five
yeah that is perfect.
tell me when my next doctors appointment is
exchange rates between dollar and euro
dea guam prescription drug abuse on the rise
will it get warmer here next week
add this email to my contact list
show me tutorials on cooking food
time mr coffee for six am
how do i set my coffee machine to make coffee
add shopping to my to do list
send an email to rohit saying i am busy tomorrow
what is the us dollar equivalent of one euro
may i know the traffic situation
could you just cancel.
list and play all theory podcasts under ten min
please create a new alarm
are there any roadblocks
show conversion rate of u. s. d. and euro
get me latest updates from facebook
show dan's contact detail
tell me about new emails
what are the pending reminder for today evening
it's fantastic, thanks.
i don't care, olly.
please create a new contact information about jo
play one more time
is that the song from spectre
play my latest podcast
notification regarding the new iphone release update
i would like to listen to howard stern on ninety seven point nine fm
get me directions to meijer
buy train tickets from delhi to mumbai for twenty third march
that is enough, just cancel it.
change lights from red to blue
can you start the roomba
search earliest trains to brooklyn ny weekends and holidays
can you convert my time zone to the time zone i'm currently in
which shops can i find in milan
please send an email to john saying i'm on leave
list all the shops that are located in milan
please raise the light i am not comfortable at this
tweet for me the complaint about drainage choke up
change the color of the lights to blue
what do you know about mary
tell me john's phone number
where can i got to grab some drinks in west chester
would you please check and confirm detail.
what is joe joe's home address
please turn off the lights in the bedroom
erase that item from my list
what are the new rock radio stations
pull up the shopping list
please play some songs for kids
groceries list
turn off my smart plug in thirty minutes
yo i need a coffee now
will the temperature be higher than forty tomorrow
thank you very much for listening.
define loquaciousness
check for new emails
talk quieter please
olly just stop please.
give me the description of a mobile battery functioning
make a repeating reminder for my yoga practice every day at noon
send report to consumer service
how old is kim kardashian
what is photosynthesis
please turn off any lights that are still on
what time does the train departs lagos
what is apple's current stock price
how many numbers are saved for alex
find train ticket
tune into ninety nine point five fm
turn off all lights
listen to this song
what is the current stock rate of facebook
turn the living room lights to one percent
brighten lights in living room
buy train ticket
what is the email i got from my girlfriend
is yemen closer to japan or india
send will do thanks to john as a reply to his last message
add email to existing contact
play my favourite podcasts
please start my podcast
check and tell me the address of my friend alex
compose a mail for jack
raise the volume of the speakers to fifty five percent
look up information on mount rushmore
what is my schedule for tomorrow morning
can you give me details on john
delete list blank
i will talk to you later on.
just cancel please.
schedule a reminder on fifteenth march and input name as meeting
weather forecast for this week
what are departure arrival times for this train
what is the cheapest ticket available next week for a round trip three day trip to iceland
set an alarm for me for tomorrow at seven pm
please set an alarm at seven am tomorrow morning
olly i need the living room vacuumed can you turn on the vacuum cleaner
please turn off all the lights outdoor
you've done that right.
i would like coffee now
set my alarm for twelve pm
turn off wemo plug in game room
drop it from list
reduce the brightness
start up league of legends for me
please provide world hot news
what's around me
can you please play the next episode of food stuff
order travel ticket
put a seven pm meeting time down for march fourteenth
anything is ok with me.
have no idea for which to choose.
where is the best mechanic in eagle point
please turn down the lights in the house
song info
show me a video on cooking fried chicken
how much traffic does atlanta georgia usually have
remove standup on Friday at ten am
i need the exchange rate for the us dollar and the euro
it's helpful, musch appreciated, olly.
add this one also
please remove this event from my calendar
map out a route from here to abita brew pub
what is the plot of the most recent will smith movie
i do not really care.
tweet consumer service
what is the netflix stock price
please play the next episode
remove cereal from my shopping list
add coffee to the grocery list
play for me the game temple run
send an email to my friend say birthday wishes
send an email with the address you gave me to jean saying meet us here at eight pm
tell me about mary s. in my contacts
what music is being played right now
post the following status to facebook
please turn off kitchen light for me
turn up volume
turn on some music
what's that the album is current music from
show me the latest emails from amazon
do i need to wear sunscreen today
turn off smart socket
i wouldn't really care.
is there anything new in my email folder
i would like instructions on how to cook baked chicken
where does tar work currently
we are going to play poker together
play radio ninety five point five
what is the latest from my feed
search the item
make the wemo go on
i like you check question please.
you understood the answer right.
start me a new list
whatever.
open td ameritrade
write a tweet telling macy's that they should be shutting down instead of jcpenney
i would like to know the train timings to bournemouth tomorrow
send happy new year to john@gmail dot com
give me the names of my lists
start coffee at six am
yeah fantastic response to the command.
email my mom
do i have the contact of tara john
move to the next episode of hipsterhood
olly will you stop it.
add detergent to the list of things i need to buy
tell me when it is five pm
send me a wake up alert at seven am tomorrow morning
give me some lavender toned light
delete the list
will it rain
what are the latest tweets from the new york times
are there any backups on route eighty today
play most recent podcast upload
dim the lights in the bathroom
what a sunny day
i want the room to be less bright
power off the wemo plug
change light colors
tell me the train ticket price of california to chicago
Play something random from google play
go to social media and post the following status
clear my day on the twenty ninth
now playing
what is a chair
i like you just cancel.
how is coca cola stock doing today
please inform me of any new status updates
please confirm it.
would you confirm the question.
how congested is the traffic on my way to work
i want coffee
whats the latest
will you please check and confirm detail.
provide wall street journal news
turn on my wemo socket
let's play a game together
you've done that right, olly.
answer the email
would you just stop it please.
make an alarm for four pm
is the mail from chris about work
what is the traffic like
please delete what i just typed
is it colder than yesterday
what did i tell susan in my last email
set the living room lights to red
will trump visit russia anytime soon
produce a new register
check my social networks
send email to new email address
lower lights down
open a reply message
turn the speakers down to five percent
what is the exchange rate between u. s. d. and inr
give the stock price details of motorolla
delete the dog list for me
shut off my living room plug socket
do i have new likes
please turn on my coffee pot
update my inbox please
how many shares of apple can i get for
turn the lights off to my room
tell me if anything important is happening on social media today
start a new shopping list
please check last thing i said.
throw away my to do list please
can you turn on pandora
make a catalogue
start making some coffee
how was the weather this week
please remove the grocery list from my set of lists
do not mind for any one.
get sia's cheap thrills ready to play next
where is the nearest italian restaurant
check someone's recent emails
turn up the volume of my speakers
cup of coffee please
what is the time difference between california and new york
call dad
show me the answer for this problem two hundred and forty six plus six hundred and fifty four
what clothing shops are close to my current location
White
on twenty third february rahul will come with me on india cricket match
tell me the best recipes for a given dish
find a recipe for homemade bread
what does pda mean
activate vacuum cleaner
show me the recipe of tandoori chicken
list phone and email id of robert
remove the list please
set reminder for tennis game with peter on Sunday at four pm
please open and play chess with me
what is mary s.'s birthday
delete this list
skip to the next podcast
play radio mirchi for me
check the events on calendar and delete the next event
yeap you've got command correcly.
clear this list
which are well reviewed movies by emma watson
what does a sea lion look like
please set the vacuum to start going now
yeah wonderful.
it's useful, thank you so much.
broadcast the health show from the kitchen
what does a soccer ball look like
please send a complaint to someone
i have to go to a meting on friday at noon can you remind me
lets play tic tac toe
complaint on service provider on my twitter
what's new on social media
what music do i usually listen to
what's happening around the world
can you describe to me what a pineapple looks like
what is the exchange rate of u. s. d. to cdn
dim the lights in the kitchen
delete the list brads appointments
tell me what is next on my query
tell me when obama was born
book me a train ride
what is latest on the recent events happening right now
decrease speaker volume
update work out list with new items
dim the living room lights
any one will be ok for me.
start the podcast over that i started last night
brew a pot of coffee
change light color
how do i steam rice
open gallery post video name
olly please could you just cancel.
annie could you please search the internet and play the videos for cooking italian food
refresh email
play country music
define transcendet
what kind of lists do i have saved
raise the lights
it's helpful, thank you very much.
i need you to start fm eight hundred and ninety radio channel
any one will be fine.
Add pick up kids from school to my to do list for today
alarm
i don't mind to select any one.
whatever is ok with me.
call vikki
give me the opening stock price of apple
dismiss my next event
how do i make meal
take bread out from the shopping list
set a notification on third march about company meeting
that was useful,.
customer service from microsoft never called me back
it doesn't matter for me.
music change
customer service complaint tweet the following
when is the next septa train to philadelphia
radio one thousand and twenty seven
create a new list
four plus five equals nine
can you get me train ticket prices please
yeap fantastic response to command.
have no idea about what to do, olly.
please confirm details.
i need directions to lowes in mount h nj
yeap exact response to command.
how many people are following me on twitter now
send an email to grandma saying we are dropping by on saturday see you then
what song is playing right now
will you stop.
please change time zone to india
please set my coffee machine to start at four pm time
are there any accidents on harvard
vacuum the dining room
show directions to pondy
get me a seat on the next train going to new york
cancel all my appointments after three pm today and inform me the details
start my robot vacuum cleaner by ten to eleven am daily
what is on my playlist
what is the weather going to be like on march twentieth two thousand and seventeen
anything would be fine with me.
what is the age of britney spears
i want you to check what just said please.
did anyone message me on facebook
i'm looking for some dress shows can you find clothing stores within one mile
remove all the events on my calendar
could you get me some coffee
i need you to remove item s from my list
how is the news in ireland
play music
i need to set up a new list
add a reminder for april twenty as my bro's birthday
reply to the email received from mark
make sure there is no events on my calendar
did i receive any email in the past hour
set an alarm for tomorrow morning at eight
olly that's all.
activate robot cleaner in an hour
please start an email for my sister
add the item to a list
i need a train ticket to
Update my contacts with the new contact sam@gmail dot com
what is ten divided by five
change the lights to green
delete every event
set an alarm for two hours from now
clean my calendar
vacuum the mud room
what country was einstein from
markets near by
activate robot vacuum cleaner
let me know about upcoming events
would you like to play never have i ever
social media
the wemo plug should be turned off on
what is exchange for the us and euro
lower the speak volume
start podcast from my favorites list
remind me every year on this date of
turn on the robot vacuum cleaner
turn lights in the room off
tell me the contact details of my brother
any incoming emails in the last five minutes
will you cancel it.
that is of no importance, olly.
if it is four pm in missouri what time is it in london
please check email from my boss
anything would be ok with me.
please read my facebook feed
olly could you shut off.
social media updates
is the road in some particular area wide or narrow
find and queue all songs of kate perry and play all without shuffling
i have a meeting at noon today
please go to the local sports talk show on the radio
could you fix me some coffee
where can i get organic wheat
please find all name start with alphabetic of a and create a list
can you recommend a cheap restaurant in this area
what is traffic like
make a new list
tweet to the customer service account of starbucks
alarm me at eight am
how do i dial sarah
what is apple's stock price
move to next section
for how many years was abraham lincoln president of united states
please add complaint about the service in tweet to olive garden
please add deodorant to my shopping list
play closer music track
what will the weather be next week
book a train ticket to arrive in cambridge by eight thirty pm today
play scabble with me
i have ten us dollars how many canadian dollars do i have
show me the picture of the singer
that's amazing, thanks, olly.
delete an last event reminder of twenty ninth of march twenty seventeen
how many dollars can i get for one yen
turn up the brightness
look up in contacts
email chris add following content sorry I will be late today
would you shut down please.
how is the traffic at the moment
please turn the lights down
how long does it take to get there
i want to listen jazz
that's good one, thank you very much.
write this message to the coworker group
give me the exchange rate for dollar in euros
did anyone get engaged or give birth among my online friends
add spent five dollars in my expenses list
how is the weather likely to be this week
read available lists
i wish this event to be removed from my calendar
what's it like outside
my vacuum cleaner should start between ten to eleven am everyday
display my list
increase volume to fifty percent
i want to have a new playlist of songs
what's the closing price of abc
hey sound is low can you tune it up
recipe please
please check whether the email of jancy has come
could you confirm what i just said please.
who wrote this song
go to sirius and play the hip hop channel
jay's phone number
minimize the light power
no lunch date tomorrow
remove my calendar event at one pm today
did i make a shopping list
switch off the smart plug socket now
clean my house
set brightness to fifty percent
who has written to me or mentioned me in social media
did you get my last command correctly?
vacuum the living room in ten minutes
what is my next reminder
remove apple from list
this item should be added to the list
that's enough, stop.
what is the exchange rate between u. s. d. and euro
olly that's enough, stop.
please shut down.
what's the best chicken place near me
please would you shut up.
delete shopping from my list
buy me a ticket to boston
play radia
turn on the vacuum cleaner while i am gone
if i have twenty dollars how many francs is that
please set the alarm for eight pm wednesday evening
what is next in my calendar
can you find me a train ticket to montauk
add dentist appointment for friday at five
play happy playlist next
play back the last message
i need to create a new to do list
what chinese restaurants are in my area
how many euros are in a dollar
change the time in this location to ist
please empty my calendar
up
is brad pitt married
thirteenth june is a day of election result please set it
play my game
get me up in half an hour
will you have the vacuum start cleaning
play any song of arijit singh
new list
what does the list contain
can you turn on the vacuum cleaner
how high is the s n. p
remind me the upcoming meeting at four am today
can you check to see if i have any recent email alerts
please play football with me
remove the grocery list from my active lists
remind me to pick up john from the airport tonight at eight
yeap it is confirmed.
can you please turn on npr where i am
which store's got the cheapest three pound beef rump
remove the fundraiser for dolphines in april
olly can you please shut up.
what's the value of the euro relative to nzd
tweet i am doing well on twitter
has anyone tagged me in a photo on facebook
open calendar and erase all events for all months
what do i have scheduled for next week
please archive my read messages
play my playlist
i want to go to bank of america give me directions
could you please confirm what i just said.
what pubs are close to me
who's emailed me recently
show me share price of tata
adjust light when i get home
that was good one, thank you so much.
what time does the dinner party start tonight
i do not really mind for whatever.
give information about the traffic near my location please
do i need a jacket today
i want to read yahoo news
help me book a train ticket
would not really mind.
switch the lights to blue
turn off my smart plug socket
turn on my son's room plug socket on off
please search for beginners guide to cooking
i would like you confirm last thing i said please.
will there be snow tomorrow
please place my new email address to the contact
what does a baguette look like
i would like the like in the kitchen to be a different color
reduce the lights
turn off on the socket
can you contact samsung and say my washer is on fire
and the darkness has fallen
change the light to blue
yeap you've got your understanding right.
post this to my facebook lol
remind me of my appointment on the fifteenth
please convert the time of here at nine pm to brasil time zone
can you put on the next i heart music radio show
check my list
olly schedule a news update for tomorrow morning at seven am
how heavy is traffic on interstate twenty
cancels lunch at the restaurant booked for march twenty five
anything new on social media
i finished my to do list
send a mail to alex asking about the due payment
forward this one
turn on radio
i want to know how to make a chicken in the oven
that doesn't really matter.
how long untill i get home
list things on my list
book a train ticket for an eight am ride to charleston west virginia
lower brightness of lights
is it going to rain in the next few days in tucson
sum of five and two
clean the flat
could you confirm detail please.
open subway surfers
lights off
turn off the bathroom light
are the streets congested right now
delete mike stein from contacts list
where is a walking trail near me
show me today train time of kalka at jodhpur
rm rf calendar
please tell kmart they sent the wrong item
headlines from dhaka tribune
open facebook messenger
turn off one light on porch
give me the details on elton john
it is useful, thank you so much.
you are hero, appreciated.
am i busy on Wednesday evening
please start the next podcast episode
dim the lighting in my living room
you are hero, thank you very much.
i'm done with today's to do list
i wouldn't really care, olly.
describe joe for me please
find weather report
whats the traffic density in
turn off the lights in the living room please
i would not bother, olly.
turn off lights in bathroom
tell me pizza restaurants close by
send answer to george
is the road a free way or a toll road
do i have any undone tasks
conversion between dollars and pounds
which song is this one
send email to daddy i'll be going to the birthday party
play purple haze
can you please check and confirm what just said.
lower the light intensity
play me some podcasts about getting rich quick
activate robot vacuum
just how bad is traffic on my commute
i would like you stop.
slow the volume speaker
put this on my facebook
would you check my last command.
i don't bother.
set my alarm for six am
i want to take karate classes where are local karate studios
unmute my sound
tell contact mobile number
what's thirteen plus fourteen
set an alarm for one pm
doesn't matter.
tell me the weather for this week
can the lights be changed to green
turn on plug
just cancel.
more bright
give me a classical radio station
tell me the direction to miami from chicago
slightly raise the light
hello my item which i bought from some one has gone out of order
turn off the bathroom lights
could you check that please.
given me the exchange rates between u. s. d. and inr
what song is this
turn my plug on
brighten up the lighting
how much is twenty two usd in euros
play my video game news podcast starting where i left off
change the volume level to nineteen please
i want to know the best super market in this local area
is the pound up or down against the dollar
please turn down the lights in the living room
may i know what is trending in social media
i want you to check what i just said please.
can you take off the next event on my calendar
i need to add this new contact for sam smith ssmith@yahoo dot com
please will you check and confirm what i just said.
any one would be okay, olly.
please give me the traffic report for this afternoon
is there anything exciting on twitter today
please list shops within one miles from me
could you describe that object please
i want a lower light
what time does the train to place leave
do i have anything on the list
how much is one hundred and thirty six plus three hundred and eighty seven
i'm looking for a bar do you know a good one
do i have any appointments scheduled for march twenty four two thousand and seventeen
hey what is the definition of survey
open email for unread mails
make it brighter in here please
what are listed
is there any new news on trump
what is the song currently playing
exchange rate of euro with dollar
have no idea for what to choose.
please change the lighting to blue
train times location
recipes that can be cooked in an hour
set an alarm for me for tomorrow
should i go through the valley or on the ten to get to westwood
Has john sent me any new emails
did i put toothpaste on my pick up list
anything is good to me.
please set alarm for all days
do i have a date for tonight
make an alarm to help me remember
please would you cancel.
turn on the coffee machine to make me some coffee
what is time of indianapolis express
play the next recording
let national grid know the power is out again
please check my reminders
can you tell me about the traffic
open solitaire play with me
remove last played song
olly that's enough, cancel.
that's useful, thank you very much.
play only songs by the beatles please
please play the early franks sinatra stuff i have
what time do i work tomorrow
bring up twitter to target customer service
what is my eta to the office if i leave in thirty minutes
what is the latest email from zita
olly will you cancel please.
cut the lights off
what music is this
please turn up the volume
who sings the song that i am listening to right now
set wake up Thursday seven am
does not really matter to me.
what time does the train arrive at edinburgh
start cleaning floors
switch off main light
it's great one, thank you very much.
describe your list
open a new email to contact
tweet complaint to sony consumer service
Show me news from cnn
i have my clothes list
meaning of word
book me the cheapest train ticket to new york
switch off all lights
add a new email address which is
create a blank list
set an alarm for five minutes from now
that's enough, just cancel it.
please set an alarm at six am
i need a recipe for spaghetti
please turn off the lights in the kitchen
tell me if i should use the train or bus to get across town today
remind me everyday at two pm for lunch
how is weather on such and such day
draft an email to kailey about work later
what is the time difference between india and ivory coast
am i going to swim or work today
i would like you just stop it.
it's eight at night in france what time is it in new york
please turn off my patio lights
yes right.
are there are any delays on my commute
i no longer need to see the doctor can that event be removed
please clean the floor
what's going on on fb
is there any new vegan news on facebook
send a tweet to national grid
tell me if five hundred and forty is subtracted seven time by twenty eight
best ticket price air plane to chester on the twenty first
please change the color of my lights surprise me
how far above sea level is denver
buy a train ticket to cleveland for april fourteenth
volume up
Switch off the smart socket
what is my next event
alarm ten am
who is singing that song on now
are my contacts mostly female or male
i would like all the lights on when i enter
vacuum the house
please turn on all the outdoor lights
make the lights blue please
let me know when my meetings are on monday
create event with alarm for meeting in two hours
please set a reminder alarm for three pm on Saturday
play tic tac toe with me
shut the smart socket down
remind me to buy jeans on my shopping list
book me a train ticket to barcelona please
what's hot social media topics
did i receive any new email
wouldn't mind to choose any one.
give me the birth date of mahatma gandhi
what would you call this kind of music that we're listening to
can you turn off the smart socket
open google keep
give me charles telephone number
train tickets for two people from delhi to mumbai
tell me when the hockey game tickets are for
olly would you please shut off.
put my brother's birthday in my calendar for july fourth
olly i want you cancel it.
take me to the most popular post
calculate distance from boston to new york
let's play a game how about tic tac toe
if it's midnight in colorado what time is it in munich
angry bird
give me a new light color
what new emails do i have form amie
what date is my anniversary
give me the definition of school
can you change the lights to white
time time is the holiday party at the office
switch on the vacuum cleaner
what color is a dragon fruit
remove list item
i need to hear sound on my speakers
olly can you shut down.
remind me of this meeting soon
do i have coffee on the grocery list
i have no idea regarding to what to select.
what's the name of the piece you are playing
book train to london
set the mood please
add my spin class to the calendar for Saturday at seven am
what is the square root of four
the command was confirmed.
what is included in the tour's list
get rid of bananas on the list
how do you subtract numbers
provide what is there on the list
play sam harris please
i want more light
play miley cyrus radio
what's the best way to cook pasta
set alarm for tomorrow six am
turn on vacuum cleaner
how do i get to the mall
play billybob show on bbc radio four
read the ticket for tesla
please tell me some international news
i want to find some chinese food what is near me
please share up to the minute details on sprint
next week my uncle birthday
i need a drink
add juice to my grocery list
i do not know, olly.
lets play
near by super market
yeah excellent.
is there any new mail for me
if it is six am here what time is it in tokyo
set lights to full power
start cleaner
add new item
stop powering the wemo socket
how can we prepare biriyani
what's the song title
tell me about this week's weather
send email to nancy about tomorrow's work party details
what the time difference from here to ottawa
i need some coffee
delete the monthly recurring team meeting till june
pawel prepare the meeting with john
find me a train ticket to boston
can you tell me what happened to my social media
entertainment news
what is the current traffic in washington town
give details about the current traffic
set an alarm for five am
any new emails for me
please check the news on social media
i need to see if i got any new email
raise the volume of my music player by fifty percent
is the birthday event on fifteenth of this month true
appreciate your answers, olly.
which time zone are we in please change to current
please play next episode of bbc history podcast
what are the traffic conditions currently
set alarm for this event reminder repeating for ten times
reply to heather's latest email by answering no
what is the exchange between dollar and british pound
add rice on the list
raise speaker volume
what street do i take to get to downtown
i'd like to continue to the next episode
change the lights into green
please skip two songs
is alex saved in my contacts list
traffic alert
i want a train ticket to edinburgh
please book a train ticket from jodhpur to jaisalmer on sunday
traffic report
what are the train times from san francisco to new york
what kind of music am i into
how do i make cookies
olly i want you cancel.
turn off light in bedroom
would you check and confirm the details please.
stop after current song
how heavy is traffic now in denver
look up the meaning of logic
all lights colour to blue please
let's play workout playlist
did angelina jolie leave brad pitt
where to buy cannon cameras
activate the wemo plug socket
dim the lights at the living room
i want to drink coffee
play jazz from jennifer's latest album
take lunch meeting off my calendar
what is terranova stock going for
what are trending topics on twitter right now
how me the highest weather this week
please lights less brighter
what is new
what is the current stock price of rolls royce
yes affirmative.
please purchase a amtrak ticket from las vegas nevada to lakeland florida leaving on the first of april
is it true that susan's birthday is on march first
play led zeppelin houses of the holy
today's closing price for google
what can i cook with broccoli and chicken
can you add cups to my grocery list
next i want to hear shinedown
do i have any new email
increase the intensity of the lighting in the room
can you delete the dentist appointment
how many hours difference is hong kong from new york city
tweet customer service not good for lpg service in my twitter account
remind me to take the casserole out of the oven at seven hundred and forty five pm
turn on the vacuum now
cancel tomorrow's meeting
turn off the closet light
all food items with the prefix dry should be taken away from the list
when is my doctor's appointment
which place has more traffic
google search the topic
is my calendar free for Thursday
this is too bright
i don't really mind for whatever.
set an alarm for one hour from now
start robot vacuum cleaner
show unread new emails
i don't really care.
play my midnight love playlist
what does the traffic look like on my usual route to work
play the podcast of barack obama saved in device
make a call to
get me some radio music from kamp fm
what did jeff post on the yard sale page
do a tournament with me in candy crush
please update list with new item
when is the next time it will rain
what is the name of the singer
can you take out dentist appointment from my calendar
tell me about the sports stadium
tell me updates
change the light color to white
please post this picture on facebook
please repeat that music again of akon
change color of lights
why do people use avocado seeds
what is the financial capital of canada
shall we meet for today's party
i'd like to play monopoly
please solve this math
please block off friday at eight am on my calendar
connect to lights
please start the vacuum cleaner
please increase the brightness in this room
book a train ticket for me
can you wake the roomba for the kitchen
Please turn off shuffle setting
you have done it correcly.
up the brightness on these lights
which lists are present in the notes app
please change the colour of the lights i'll tell you when to stop
start vacuuming now please
what does the word labyrinth mean
i want to hear purple haze
set alarm at ten am
what's the email address of silvia
i want to make this week's shopping list
play solitaire
do i have any mail
what is this music called
set a reminder for two days prior of the event
what is on my rap playlist
how many hours distance is between my location and new york
prepare coffee
play power one oh two point three
tell me the name of the composer
please add new item to list
who recently posted on social media
show various plants in earth
start the poker game
check emails from gary for last hour
remove the list of person starting from letter m in my contact list
add car service to my list of things to do today
increase the volume to seventy percent
update my list with shoes
what happened to the dow jones today
what is the current rate of euro to us dollars
when was Dolly parton born
need information about events before shift ends
what is the exchange rate between the us dollar and the aus dollar
remind me about calendar
coffee please
are there any new emails from name
respond to all that i am on my way
when will the match start
send a text to alice
locate the email to giant eagle and put it into my contact list
does not really matter with me.
tell me starting phrase of this music
what is the answer to one times two
what's the change in best buy stick
instruct the coffee maker to make a filter coffee ready in ten minutes
start radio
the answer is confirmed.
can you send an email to my mother about the weekly weather
change the light colour to green
what does the word hypocrisy mean
you are the best,.
play radio disney
i can't see let's make it brighter
where is yellowstone park
make the living room blue
send tweet to wallmart
create list
please reply to my boss most recent email and say that the ppt will be ready in one hour maximum
in five sentences let me know the procedure of making thanksgiving turkey
have i gotten any emails from mom lately
i need a high volume
i wouldn't bother.
any one will be ok with me, olly.
current forex rates
how is the traffic right now
current stock price intel
check out my to do list
change background
check my email
i have a meeting with sean at four pm on wednesday can you remind me
olly skip song
olly can you shut up.
list new
tweet a complaint to old navy website
what are the names of the lists that i have created
add running to my calendar for thursday
it's exact.
give me the definition of formidable
update on email
please turn on my balcony lights
i need the recipe for hot cross buns
decrease brightness
play be warned by tech n9ne
clear list things to do this weekend
i want to hear sleeptime playlist next
what's the price of ge right now
cnn headlines
scratch that one from the list
turn lights off in living room
it was cool, thank you very much.
i have no idea, olly.
really i would not mind.
did i add milk to the shopping list
please delete this item
turn down the lights
is a peso worth more than a dollar
compose a new email but i got a new address this time brandon at example dot com
please remove my next event
what is the length of amazon river
weather for the next week in new york
i want to hear program one on lastfm
show me the dim colour
anything else left on the list
is hayden still living on turnpike lane
Play my favorite game by name naughty dog
could you check instruction.
change lights to red
nighttime mode
song next
what music is playing now nine hundred and ninety nine fm
define organism
you've done it correctly thank you.
what is zero divided by zero
remove pepper from my grocery list
yeah answer was correct.
please let me know what's happening to my social media
you are so helpful, musch appreciated, olly.
remove all the events in my calendar
please raise the lights to max
yes you've done your understanding correcly.
is traffic heavy
how is my commute
are there any new snaps on snapchat
hey can you make it blue in here
it's helpful, appreciated.
tweet to amazon about late delivery of my tv
louder please
play the radio band with sports commentary
yeap your understanding was confirmed.
contacts
show me the available colours of lights
search for the best spagetti recipe
turn lights off in bedroom
does not matter to me.
olly will you shut off.
start my playlist on i heart radio
exchange rate from cad to u. s. d.
delete my list of appointments for tomorrow
turn off the lamp in the living room
book a train ticket from los angeles to chicago that goes via miami
what is the latest headline news from this newsource
what is the exchange of euro to dollars
what's on my todo list
play a news radio station
pull up my party playlist
i need an alarm
turn the lights to red color
your volume is too high please repeat that lower
what's new with the stock market
start a new email to george brown
make the coffee
how long will it take to get home
i fancy some coffee now
give me the stock price for tommy hilfiger
add these documents to the things i need to travel with
please remove my list of favorite albums
tell comcast i am still on hold
what is jill's home phone number
make the lights pink
remove birthday party
how much is two thousand five hundred philippine pesos in dollars
please remove the doctor appointment in my calendar for february twelfth at nine am
what is the most convenient hour to catch a train to york on Saturday
raise living room lights half way
that doesn't really matter to me.
turn off bedroom fan
house lights blue
when is john's birthday
vacuum start
just let me know the population of india
will you please turn off the smart plug
what are my available lists
lights down to seven
when is the next train to b street
you are hero,, olly.
could you please check the traffic to our home
tell me the exchange rate for the yen
what is the name of the music playing now
excellent work, you've done well.
delete my to do's for this week
where i can find a bakery
what restaurants around here have good reviews
read new messages from my wife
company coming over turn on the vacuum cleaner right now
you rock, i appreciate it.
how many three are available in twenty seven
what's my next appointment
please send an email to mom
change the lights to red
do i have a new email from eric
please let me know about current traffic in carmen drive
play a song that will make me smile
brighten the lamp next to the sofa
book a train ticket to mumbai for tomorrow
enter atdfd@yahoo dot com into my contact list
i want an alarm for three today
find updates from vicki's facebook from mardi gras day
robot vacuum the living room now
dim the lights to level two
that is all, just cancel it.
raise the volume to sixty
show contact of john
let's do math
nine hundred and ninety nine fm is currently playing what music
shuffle music by aaron carter
how much snow has fallen in maine since yesterday
what's still on the list
yeah please.
turn down the lights in the living room
show me thai food near me
turn the lights off in the bedroom
lets send a tweet
what is the time difference between here and japan
start roomba
add work email address
list my lists please
include an item to a list
show us red
did linda connors reply to any of my emails this morning
am i free on sunday day
am i gonna hit traffic
what is weather today
are there any accidents on the four hundred and five
what's the time difference between here and queensland
i'd love to hear any song that i've given five stars by serge gainsbourg
can you set my coffee machine to make me coffee at seven am
do not really mind for whatever, olly.
add sugar to my shopping list
what is the meaning of the word home
i can't hear you speak up
what is laptop
how is the traffic on harvard
time to sleep
delete this item
please make me some coffee
when the meeting start
adjust the light option
that's amazing job, musch appreciated.
did you receive this person email
tweet I'm complaining about to consumer service
prepare coffee now
which film the music comes from what is the name of the music
did i email tom on the subject of gun control
will you please check and confirm the last thing i said.
how old are kim kardashian's children
change this time zone to washington
what is six divided by two
please give me directions to a park near me
road traffic
this is unimportant with me, olly.
i would like to listen to this mornings mike and mike podcast
download the latest folk songs having rating of four star or above and play all without shuffle
you did awesome job,.
please brighten the lights
update me on stock price of this company stock
when does the super bowl officially start
do i have any other contact phone number for alison
what's the latest news from xinhua
that is right.
when does iphone stock usually drop
set an alarm for four in the afternoon
bring me ticket of train to city leeds
play me a podcast
how old is brad pitt
please could you confirm instruction.
what events are this week
start play fifa seventeen
book me a train ticket to atlanta please
google definition for me
can you book train ticket from mumbai to sangli for tomorrow morning
begin new list of lottery numbers
it is great one, thank you.
you understood command perfectly.
play the next episode of a podcast
unmute
hello i want to turn off my wemo plug
tell me what lists i currently have
how long do i need to cook a brisket for it to be medium
who's playing this
what is marketing
when i should leave to office
play any country music station
could you please check and confirm the detail.
repeat the last song again
make a list of camera photos
whatever is okay with me.
i want to cook pasta in american style show me how
turn lights to green
yeap get that right.
tell me the office address of my brother
add bob to my list of contacts
remove next meeting today in my calendar
hey olly turn up the lights a little
have a moan at easyjet
book me a train ticket for this afternoon to chicago
write an email to luke asking how the weather will be this coming week
the location is my office
turn off the tv in
can you check and confirm what said please.
show traffic
next podcast play
do have any new email
have i got new content in my twitter feed
make me a wake up alarm for eight forty five am
bring up a complaint form
add a new email in my contacts from john
got it correcly.
make a list of numbers for me
please tweet waited sixty five minutes for a table at tgi fridays never going back
what is the current exchange rate between dollars and euros
start podcasts on nfl
is traffic to work clear
tweet for me the complaint about drainage work
what is the square root of ninety seven
you are my hero, thank you very much, olly.
delete everything on my calendar for the next two weeks
let's play canasta
cook me some oats
few traffic roads
what is four plus four
what is the timing of bagmati express
please add item to list
i want to email my supervisor
julie's information
where can i book a train ticket to oregon
please would you cancel it.
what is rock sand
set colour blue for all lights of my house
check what just said please.
send a complaint to my boss
how would the volkswagen golf car look like
tweet a complaint to kohl's customer service
greg wants black coffee can you make one
give a hand to this game
what is my daughter's phone number
i want to change the light colors
do i need to take an umbrella today
raise the volume to fifty
where is the nearest smoke shop
what is the time difference between new york and lagos
open music player settings
turn my lights down to a lower level of brightness
please cook me a hamburger
raise the light
are there any unread emails from patrick
read me the most updated news on bbc
what is the traffic like this morning
i want to hear surfin usa
hello can you give the contact details for a particular service centre
best restaurant in local area
do you know actor surya
exact response to the command.
how hot is it outside today
google stock symbol
increase the volume to max please
take away all events
what stores have clearance
evaporated
what is my afternoon schedule tomorrow
time to workout
what time does the train to iowa leave
please set the equalizer in the party mode
make a calendar entry for next saturday at ten am please
what is the exchange rate for dollars to pounds
play marvin gaye i want you
lower the lights please
show me future events
i'dl like to hear any classical except for bach or schubert
start making a coffee
please turn off only right side light
how much has hp stock gone up
fast road to get home
schedule text messages for later
switch light to lowest level in dining area
book a train ticket for one one way for this tuesday at nine am
what's new in facebook
facebook
you got the command right.
give me the definition of arrow
turn my bedroom lights off
give me some dim light
do i have any new emails from my dad
tell me the preparation method for chicken sixty five
what time is bina going live with her sale on facebook
i need a ticket on the train to new york city tomorrow
what song is playing
turn on new smart socket
hello beef up the volume a little bit
send reply to joe
what do i have next to do
set the coffee maker to on
up the volume the sound is too low
olly that is enough, cancel.
aib podcast on kashmirstart it
clean the sofa with the vacuum cleaner
the song playing now is released by which artist
where is the shopping mall for shirts
i would like you check and confirm it please.
delete my to do list
two pm set
send an email to peter and ask him how is he now can i do something to help him
what's jesse's number
please set an alarm clock for my next meeting with the team at three pm next friday
what is the square of 4
get rid of the wednesday list
flip the wemo on
what lists are in my notebook
replace the current light colours in the house with dark ones
would not mind to select any one, olly.
create an event gym day on monday and set it to repeat
it is of no importance to me, olly.
what goes with risotto
i need to know where to get chicken wings in benton ar
what is name of the song currently playing
please play red fm
do you know math
what is the latest on donald trump
what defines a triangle
how many work contacts are in my phone book
yes exact.
i need a reminder alarm at one
can you deleted the current event
how to cook this food
how many items are on my list
add dr rosenstock as an email contact
remove list of due payment of rajesh
any one is good, olly.
when monet's exhibition takes place
i like you just cancel it.
off all the lights on the right side
please start fm eight hundred and ninety radio channel
can you get me a cup of coffee please
what is elvis favorite ride
search for podcasts that cover men's issues
turn the lights on
book next ny train ticket
send email to robert, what time is dinner
how's the stock for exxon mobil doing today
have no idea regarding to which to choose.
is it a soft evening tonight
i want to book rajdhani train ticket from mumbai to ahmadabad
enable shuffle
hi there tell me latest updates of times of india page in facebook
start podcast
what is the traffic this morning
has tom emailed me about ammunition
how is traffic from work to home
fantastic job, you've done well, olly.
can you see if there any trains going to
play the next show on podcast
turn light off
you did awesome work, thank you so much.
we need milk
can you send a tweet to lif saying that their app crashed
email tom
respond back to the mail
find dinner with mom on my calendar and delete it
it's fantastic, musch appreciated.
tell me when i get new emails from principal lowry
schedule a meeting with al on tuesday
thanks for the answer.
switch on robot vacuum cleaner
dollar rate at present
show me a spaghetti recipe
can you make the lights go out
what mexican food is around me
turn the volume up on music player
my events
usa today headlines
check for this mail in my contact if not then add it
go to the next episode in this podcast
turn off the office lights
replay the required of the musics
what is the time at singapore when our time is five pm
what is the latest traffic report for miami
schedule a meeting with reeta today evening at five pm
show me my husbands facebook posts today
add sam@gmail dot com to my contacts list
i do not really mind for anything.
subtract sixty from two hundred and forty four
i want to play a trivia game
are there any veg restaurants in phoenix
set lights brightness higher
what do i need to make pot roast
how do i cook a pasta
add event book club debbie's house wednesday night
i want to remove apples from list
play games
display trains going to antwerp after two pm saturday
make an alarm for the meeting with bob at seven today
shuffle the songs in the music library
please open my fm radio and play nine hundred and eighty seven
alert me at five hours
what items did i plan to buy
latest instagram posts
do i have any new email from ryan
what is amber stevens address it is in my contacts
play alex jones in radio
make an alarm
what is the nuclear triad
turn room light off
can you please tell me what i have on my list
tell me the exact arrival time of train from newcastle to edinburgh
set alarm to begin
do i have a work number for susan
keep playing the episodes in order
hi please remind the next meeting with my boss it will be at eleven am next monday
fetch me two train tickets for the earliest train to paris
remove events from calendar
today's schedule
you've done the command correcly.
reduce the intensity of lights
what is the traffic today
fifteen plus twenty
correct response to the command.
create vacation list
start up bejeweled
turn up the volume on my speakers
remove my list of contacts from work
could you shut up.
what is the best way to cook pasta al dente
what is the cooking time for boiled eggs
what is price of dollar
your understanding was exact.
when is my train coming
tune to pandora
remove grocery list
send an email to my boss about my leave
reserve a ticket to go to destination by train
what kind of lists do i have
how's are the roads looking right now
i need the lights raised can you do that
send an email to john that i am on my way to home
start game temple runner
turn up the lights please
please power down
yeah that's confirmed.
could you please set an alarm at six am
what did she just sing
you can send the email to abc@gmail dot com this is my new email address
keep me informed about bitcoin price
check how many likes did i got on my most recent post
display exchange rate of euro to indian rupee
delete shopping list
tweet walmart and tell them their customer service is horrible
add new email to contacts
please keep tabs on how the presidential debates are going
send an email to my boss
tell me the list about
how much is a train ticket to san fransisco
please turn off the smart socket
add ashley to the wedding invite list
how long i can go to dundee
turn cleaner robot on
describe a chart
what is a trebuchet
please set my alarm for five pm
is my schedule full for tomorrow from eight am to two pm
will you please shut off.
turn on radio now
ah that was great work.
play party songs
tell comcast their customer service is slow
i want to tweet a complaint on apples phone issues
jazz could be choice for me
write an email about next week weather to my wife
invite people to the calendar event
please tell me about the historic facts about india
what part of the world is the safest
i'd like an espresso
are there any recent unread emails
do i have any new friend requests
launch super mario
i want a train ticket from boston to new york
if i have five dollars how many rupies is that
what is the definition of a probiotic
anything will be ok with me.
off all type of active devices
you are awesome,.
can you turn down the volume please and tell me what is the title of this song
olly please stop.
please play the beatles ps i love you
when is sunset
can you please check the last thing i said.
reply wishes to john by email
if my vacuum cleaner is not activated please activate it
exchange u. s. d. to g. b. p.
where is a theatre in my area
the music volume should increase to ninety
what does obsessed mean
its cold outside
info of rowan atkinson
play song over the rainbow
cancel all my appointments
can this room have green light
play current episode
take that off there
give me my social media update
remove all my engagements from calendar for tomorrow
increase volume by one
i need you to find a good channels to listen to
send an email to adele
will play chess
wake me up on Friday at five in the morning i need to catch the train
what song is currently playing
olly will you please shut off.
what is email id of john
play the miami heat and warriors game
play the next episode of this series
turns my son's room lights off
that's perfect, musch appreciated.
cook some coffees
notify me when the event is going to take place
turn off wemo socket
do i have a number for jerry
it is dark
give me directions to get from here to crescent city brewhouse in new orleans
that's cool,, olly.
want to have vibrant colours
remind me to eat when i get home
can you please check my last question.
what is the definition of this
that is of no importance for me.
what kind of music do you think i like
send me the stock market updates for today
what was the stock price for google yesterday
new friends request details
list remove
will you just stop it please.
add chives to my shopping list
add a new list
repeat alarm
who assassinated lincoln
find new email
please turn on coffee maker and start brew cycle
what movies is kevin spacey in
lights dim
its dark in here mind turning up the light intensity
it's useful, thank you.
tell me if there are any events from three to five
power down the plug socket one
turn off the wemo socket in the kitchen
eight am manila time is what in eastern time
i do not mind for whatever.
remove my list of notes from last week
what is the time train coming from sacramento
please check my coming up events
play latest reason podcast
and the light began
show u. s. d. currency value of euro
erase previous list
tell me distance between sun and moon
i want to know could an extra item be added to my grocery list
have no idea for which to select, olly.
please turn on wemo socket
exchange rates
what is the name of that song that just went off
olly please read me today's news
thank you for doing it, olly.
play the electronic playlist
alarm for ten am
enable cleaner robot
make sure bread is on my grocery list
add event to calendar
book me a single train ticket travelling to new york city leaving after nine am
what meetings do i have between eight ten today
what is the climate here today
what is the dollar against the pound
forex rate of euro to u. s. d.
please turn off the wemo plug
how far away is the nearest rest stop
shut down the garage light and set the den light to orange please
how many euro will i get for ten dollars
play for me the game candy crush
what does the traffic look like headed to la
what is the current exchange rate between the dollar and the euro
how many degrees is it in orange tx right now
check for all emails from tom brady
how about a nice game of chess
please add smurfette@gmail dot com to my email contacts
i want you cancel.
did you get the last thing i said correctly?
what song am i listening to
good work, you have done well, olly.
confirmed.
repeat same song for ten times
delete all of my appointments with dr smith this week
headline news for texas
google search booking train ticket
lets go nazi hunting
set the volume higher
i need some ambiance please
set the time
move forward ten minutes in this podcast
play the bjork album i've heard the least
i would like the house lights to be pink
please delete this file
can you remind my next meeting with my boss one hour before it will happen
i have no idea for which to choose.
send email to mom and tell her see her at disney world
turn up the lights
i'd like to listen to ninety nine point five
please check my last question.
change lights to pink
find me the name of the artist of this music
play the previous podcast
tell me the names on the list
siri find train tickets to nc
directions to the target on I forty
schedule a journey to las vegas by train
what is the exchange rate of us dollar today for rupee
is adele going to go on tour
good night lights off
remind me at five pm
please add dan's email to my contacts
seven times seven
did paul email me recently
what is new news for today
tell me what is in your list
describe what a poltergeist is
will you just stop please.
if i call mike in california at six pm what will his time be
set alarm for eight am
get a cup of coffee ready now
who's playing the oboe on this piece
a little brighter thanks
what are the vietnamese restaurants in the area
yes answer was confirmed.
please check the trending topics on twitter
yeah wonderful response.
find me the earliest train ticket departing friday morning to miami
turn off shuffle
are there any new emails from robert jones
most viewed list
delete all events and content from my calendar
can you tell me the price of google stock
tell me about the current weather
erase next calendar event
olly can you stop it.
would you please check the detail.
make the room light blue
Show me popular exchange rates
please play the song joy to the world
i need to set up a meeting with the ceo tomorrow
what is the song name
resolve this thirty twelve
turn on the wemo plug socket to plug in my dongle
give me the headline news
get me updates from kenny's facebook from the weekend
make the light in here redder
make a list of all the clothing range available on ralph and lauren
kenny roger's lady play
how is the spouse of obama
let's play
how many emails today
set a classic music
who has sent me an email in the past week
olly that is enough.
Hello book train ticket from mumbai to sangli for tomorrow morning
olly shut down please.
softer
continue onto the next podcast
i'd like you check and confirm that please.
yeah you've understood my instructions perfectly.
what's the dollar's exchange rate with the euro
please increase the volume
current price of coca cola stock
what happened yesterday on samurai jack
tell me chinese restaurants in the area
start my favourite podcast
what high school did halley barry go to
train ticket please
please add contact email johndoe@yahoo dot com to john doe's contact information
turn my lights to some random color
you are helpful, musch appreciated.
play from smashing pumpkins
any new interests from linda
start my most recently played podcast
brighten lights
create new contact with email
where is the closest restaurant
keep me up to date on the election news
does not matter for me.
it was cool, i appreciate it.
remove the doctor's appointment i added to my calendar for february twelfth at nine am
tell me joe joe's home address
please darken the lights
tell me which mutual funds have maximum yearly returns
siri what is dollars in yen
delete last item listed
begin radio play
send email to mommy that i'll be going the party
hey turn off the light please
tweet my complaint and mention this costumer service
prepare email for susan
brighten the lights a little bit
you are my star, thank you so much.
tell me if an earthquake happens in the world
describe a rotor
delete that item
convert ten miles to kilometers
look up a lamp
what are the news stories on the cnn website
what does this stitch long sleeved shirt look like
olly please can you just stop it.
look for train tickets to edinburgh tomorrow
can the latest news be pulled up on the latest weather forecast for the week
is there any traffic right now
play me news radio channel
latest updates
can you locate some gospel music for me
send email to mom starting with the subject vacation
send twitter to mattel that they need to stop making toys in china
what is the highest microsoft stock price today
play favorites listed in podcasts starting with first one
hey what does incite mean
reset all events in calendar
can you turn off the living room lights
it is very hot today is not it
tell me when will indians economy touch that of americas
will it be raining on thursday
that's wonderful work, thank you.
do not mind.
transition to another color for the lights
tell me the landline number
where is the nearest olive garden
i have a meeting tomorrow morning at ten please remind me
i have no idea about what to do, olly.
set a thanks giving event for friday
check the weather app to see if
erase the chore list
what's happening on social media right now
wikipedia page about sean connery
oh it's nice one.
what color is the sky
what's coming up this week
ally please play pandora radio
olly would you shut off please.
please open a reply to the email
olly skip two songs
speak louder
thank you for the response, olly.
is there any chances of rain this week
don't let me forget tomorrow's meeting with sheila
initialize the robot vacuum
are there any delays in traffic today
wouldn't mind for any one.
please turn off the plug socket of my phone when it'll be charged
hello google post my current status on twitter mentioning a great trip to paris with friends and family
remove my shopping list
please make ke a coffee
activate the robot and vacuum the floor
please ring the wake up alarm at eight am next saturday
that's amazing work, i appreciate it.
tell me the recipe for yellow rice
start spider
is the train time to a location long
remove the list of apps which started with letter a
add pencil to school supplies list
what are the current stock prices for google
give me the opening stock price of acer computers
light is too much
top news
thank you very much for reminding me of that.
npr ted talks
turn off room lights
when and where is june's birthday party
how to cook that meal
excellent job, you have done well.
my mail
add light
tweet paula deen's restaurant that the line is always too long
can you tell me what list i have
olly please can you shut up.
check my twitter notification
Show me articles about the new iphone eight
who was the first president of united states
make the wemo plug socket turned on
please tell me what lists i have made
you have got that exactly.
clear all events from march seven
start the league of legends game
when does olive garden close today
that is all, stop it.
raise your volume
where do most celebrities hang out
train to athens how to
go to setting
i want a train ticket from los angeles to phoenix
erase my appointment on the twelfth from my calendar
if it's ten pm in california what time is it in alabama
olly that's all, stop it.
let's play nine ball against me adapt with my skill level always let me win
remind me to have launch with boss today at one pm
please help me turn on the robot vacuum cleaner
tweet this tweet coffee was too hot and at this company costa coffee
change the color of the lights in my house from white to yellow
play jingle bells next
how long will it take to drive to long beach
turn the living room's light off
describe what a sphere is
can you tell how many hours of difference are between boston and los angeles
find john smith in contacts
olly i like you just cancel.
add paav bhaji in menu card
what is the traffic like today
make us a brew
what time can i call from pennsylvania and it will be business hours in australia
what is twelve divided by four
raise lights
create new list for baby names
what is telekenesis
after this song play atmosphere
yeap excellent response.
please update me the traffic status
that's great one, thanks.
can you change the light colors into dark in the house
could you explain the meaning of exorbitant for me please
what song in the theme song for frasier
tell me what is song is playing now
list all events and delete
send the following email to bro hi come down for dinner tonight
where is band playing
set a notification for june fifth every year
please tell me a shop where i can find books to buy
how much would it cost to buy stock in apple
what is the best recipe for tacos
yeap correct response.
yes it's excellent.
how many hours difference is there between london and new york
whatever would be ok to me.
hows many more reminders are left
hey play the songs from my playlist named good tunes
remember to remind me about client meet at four pm
remind me to order more soap
show latest news about migration
look up animal and give me the definition
can i make back home without a traffic jam
whats the best place to eat near here
is there any traffic on my way to work
please would you check and confirm it.
let me know what maria has put on her facebook over the weekend
clear everything off my calendar for the rest of the year
don't really know.
i want the wemo socket off
that is unimportant, olly.
what are today's headlines
please increase the volume of the current song
play rohan sharma podcast for me
olly would you shut off.
i'd like you to shut off my smart plug socket now please
olly will you shut up please.
post a tweet as follows very bad follow up by abc company not satisfied in my account
can you remind me about my meeting tomorrow
how is the traffic near me
check last thing i said.
what important dates are there in my calendar this month
what the conversion rate from yen to us dollars
book a train ticket for friday april fourteenth for boston
did sara tried to call me
play hip hop songs
thanks for reminding me, olly.
lights at percent
check my last post on instagram
display stock price for lexmark international
what ingredients do i need for tomato soup
when did pop it like it's hot come out
how long does it take to get the train from rome to paris
trending social media
change the lights in the house to green
please turn the lights brighter
please change the volume low of the speakers
what is the answer to two by two
i need coffee
show shops around second street
dim my light
is it currently raining
how much does the fb stock cost
you have gotten that exactly.
where was steve jobs born
any one is good to me.
have i gotten any new emails from mary
my games to play in my computers
coffee make now
replace color from light to dark
olly that is all, just cancel.
what are the subject line and sender from today's email inbox
i'd like some red lighting
make appointment for next friday
nearest walmart location
turn on wemo plug in game room
facebook info
play the song for me
get me the latest news of world
turn off the light in the kitchen
delete the party on june first from my calendar
how old is rihanna
delete an item
is there a well rated pizza place between fourteenth and eighteenth streets
please use shuffle
how much is us dollar against rupee
recommend a restaurant with medium expense
what does triumph mean
can you tell me the contact information of jo
would you please check my last command.
change the lights to blue
please find today's stock prices for samsung company
tweet consumer service that the goods are of low quality
please put all the lights
what music service has some soul music i can listen to
play keno
olly i like you cancel it.
what is the remainder when five hundred and twenty one is divided by three
can you find my lists
save the email to my contact
put the item on the list
has my stock increased in value
i need you to remind me to go to store tomorrow
did you get my last instruction correctly?
describe a fifty inch smart tv
yes agree.
hi what is the hot topic in facebook
start playlist for podcast
that is all.
given me the exchange rates between u. s. d. and cad
please change the light to green
rearrange that off the list
who is the artist of this song
whats the current price of mcdonalds stock
i am busy tomorrow so delete all calendar events
can you turn that down
could you please turn on the plug
tweet at united airlines i'm angry you lost my bags
whats happening in football today
at what temperature should i bake cookies
are any of my new emails from amy
do you know the definition of school
which song am i listening to right now
open sirius app and play the classical channel
what's the recipe for fried chicken
move the volume up a little
did anybody post on facebook today
open vacuum cleaner
please set alarm for
list all the nearby shops
tell me what is on the schedule for july seventh
get today's weather report
hey email jan about our meeting
find gluten free bakery near me
show me the information of friend
book my train ticket from las vegas to los angeles
can you remind me of sunday gym every saturday evening
destroy all events
lower the lights in the bedroom
divide one thousand five hundred by one hundred and sixty
what is this
do i need to carry umbrella for evening
turn off smart plug socket
where is dell standing in stock market right now
find a train going from prague to brno
what is the name of this song
let's play you'll be the keeper and never change position
how are stocks for google
how many times does fifty go into one million
set a two day notification before maria's birthday please
post complaint about service a
turn on the socket
make me happy juice
delete out item
play the seventh episode of the morning after
that is all, just stop.
wouldn't mind for anything.
start pandora
are there any meetings set for next wednesday
give me lists
please tell me the latest news about the election scenario in our state
repeat the song playing now
do i have any get togethers this week
email mahmoud
do i need to pick up the kids from anything today
please turn off the light of the bathroom
please tell me the name of this song that is currently playing
that's confirmed.
open podcast player
what is the closing price of apple today
what's the current temperature outside
change your colors to green
please turn on my vacuum cleaner
is the four hundred and thirty pm train running late
add appointment to list
play old
make me a coffee
define cpu
can you turn my bedroom lights off
what's the traffic this morning
i want the lights turned off
what trips are available from new york city to poughkeepsie
if it's sunrise in stockholm what time is it in okinawa
turn off all the lights
what is the nine am cst to est
how many bots are in a dollar
the volume of the music playing now should be raised
how many species of bees are there in the united states
have stocks gone up or down today for walmart
can we play a game of hangman
how deep is the deepest point of the grand canyon
increase volume please
you did awesome work,.
open train ticket app
that is correct.
please check all new email of income tax department
initiate celine dion music
divide two hundred by four
what is a good rap album that came out this year
start the vacuum
can you delete all events from my calendar
wake me up at six thirty
hi olly please cancel all the programs for friday
can you tell me whats on my shopping list
check and see what will be the weather condition in new jersey at eight am tomorrow
turn off the bass from the audio
i want to and my email address
buy a train ticket from lakeland florida to new york
is there any new environmental news
i would not mind for any one.
have i made loss in which stocks
how many likes i have got on my eggless cake post on youtube
i don't mind for any one, olly.
yes answer was amazing.
post new status
lower your volume please
would you please check question.
how much is two thousand yen in u. s. d.
what are my new contact emails
what is a good lave to eat near me
could you turn the light off
i want the lights less brighter
reply email
set alarm for one hour from now
let me hear some bluegrass music
how many calories are in a one divided by of peanuts
order a train ticket to los angeles now
is there any stopped traffic on route eighty today
by ten to eleven am daily start my vacuum cleaner
what is the weather this friday
could you please play the fm station which plays pop songs
can i go outing without any raincoat
replay the musics
eight hundred and eighty nine fm please
play program on xmtune please
email co worker about work project
please make arrangements to make the hall so brighter
how much is the dollar worth compared to the euro
put working out on my calendar for eight am every day this week
tell me the current dollar ratio for the us and canada
i need an alarm set for five hundred and thirty am tomorrow
book me a train for the next available train
shutoff light in the kitchen
what is twenty four times twenty four
any one would be okay with me, olly.
great work, you did well, olly.
confirm detail please.
how about the latest news
add the post office to my list of errands for Saturday
you did command perfectly.
display available lists
lower the overhead lights
what does settle mean
can you start the coffee
what is the square root of thirty six
repeat song
play my country playlist
create a meeting event in my calendar
play my rap playlist
list entry
send an email to my wife about next week weather
add rebecca green to my list of favorite contacts
remove apples from my shopping list
i need to cancel my rsvp for dinner this evening can you remove it on my calendar as well
could you just cancel it please.
strongly agreed.
overhead lights on please
period the light should be in dim
please add the meeting with ms boland on wednesday eight hundred am to my calendar
just increase the volume a little
yes right response.
set the lights on blue
reserve a seat for me on the train march twentieth
define love without invoking the term love
can you book a train ticket for my mother
start a list
is there room on my grocery list for an extra item
that was cool,, olly.
is there a chili cookoff this weekend
what are the latest tweets on my twitter account
open chess play against me
please i want to hear we will rock you from queen
find list and remove apple
how much is the dollar verus the pound
i am unable to hear you can you speak little loud
how can i cook pizza
stock exchange rates
please check detail.
ah that is great one.
describe texture
find me square root of forty nine
give me the weekly weather near me
please we're the following alarm
answer the equation eight times seven
set a reminder for tomorrow evening
email my favourite contacts
make it brighter in here
how cold is today
find stock price for name
please play a podcast
olly can you just stop it please.
i'd like a coffee now
could you please check and confirm that.
i need to get going at eight am tomorrow set up an alarm thirty minutes before that
inbox this mail
yes it was perfect.
please check the exchange rates of the us dollar vs the euro
show me train tickets
what is the price of amd on the stock market
what is level of traffic at washington
excellent.
two thumbs down @companyname
please open blokus game i would like to play with you
change my alarms to mountain time
what is two hundred divided by thirteen
play music from good playlist
how to make cheesecake
can you check train schedule to berkeley
first week of march meetings
anything is fine to me, olly.
can you please make me a cup of black coffee
what list do i have
how many yen for each dollar
let me know when the next cold front is expected
what lists available
what the traffic condition outside my office
is this my sisters cellphone number
fantastic job, you did well, olly.
where can i find this song
change the lights in the living room to green and red
open a new list for me
switch on the roomba
what is two hundred divided by ten
launch game
please check new email from andy
rewind to four twelve
remove a list please
olly that's all, just stop.
forward to four twenty
wouldn't really mind for whatever.
tell me who send the email about the boss yesterday
send a complaint to sony about this tv that quit working
skip to the next episode of this podcast
where is the nearest pub in the city
please look up local restaurants that are open now
is keith richards dead
dim the bedroom lights to half
turn coffee maker on
healthy foods
please run this game
turn up radio volume
write an email recipient ray
give me the winning numbers to the powerball lottery
can you pull up jeff
cancel sam's party
wake up time
shut up.
hey make the house lights a different color
where is the nearest restaurant here
how to make sausage
look up news articles about trump
please make a coffee for me
how to get somewhere
excellent work, you have done well.
where can i use this word
what's the traffic situation from kamycka to dejvicka
temperature this hour
would you stop please.
what is google
i appreciate it, that's great job.
what else is on the list
turn off my wemo plug socket now
change the color of the lights
lower the volume on the speakers
tell the latest news about the trump
find me a recipe of spaghetti
start the podcast i was last listening to
how are my stocks doing today
i want the coffee machine to make me coffee
refresh my inbox and inform me about new emails
yeah get that correcly.
would you like to play a game with me
mute your android phone when you arrive at work
lights out
tell sean i appreciate him reaching out to me
is it anyone i knows birthday this month
what's on the list
amazing response to the command.
what friends were in popular places the last day
what groups are listed in my contacts
save settings
add new item to list
initiate cleaning process
let's play a game of truth or dare
wouldn't mind to select any one, olly.
how do you make pasta
how do you activate the robot vacuum cleaner
i want coffee everyday
stock price for apple
tell me the exchange rate us versus indian rupees
how do i set the timer on my coffee machine
open twitter and add complaint on doctor patel's feed
play the breakfast club
is there any program for tomorrow evening
convert g. m. t. to ist
find me a recipe for chicken noodle soup
how many things do i have planned tonight
start a game and play with me
wake me up at this time
activate the vacuum
start words with friends
yeah you got your understanding perfectly.
i need a six am wakeup call
play music by taylor swift
can you please turn on the coffee pot to make me coffee
find apple on list and remove
play pong against me
skip ahead to the next podcast
tell me the email address for aunt ruth
what is i. b. m.'s stock worth
yeah exact response.
audio up
check question.
how's the weather today
that is enough.
write down meeting at seven pm
add oil change to my to do list
take out the milk from the shopping list
system pull any traffic news for my commute
check my email messages
mail macs@xorg
give me a company for playing football
doesn't really matter to me.
bring up a recipe for turkey meatballs
change color
turn up the brightness of the lights
how do you solve three two
can you give me the latest sports news
when was einstein's birthday
what will the weather be like this week
show me the email of jack
do more light
can you make it a little quieter
i need a gold class ticket on train number five using my credit card
tell me the simple interest of seven with interest in two year
set my coffee machine
where can i go shopping in this area
you've done it right thanks.
when is dale's birthday
hey olly my the lights a little warmer
can you make me some coffee
tell me the date when this song was recorded
answer paul's email
update my contacts with the new contact sam@gmail dot com
how can a cook risotto
how much is one serving of broccoli
when was justin bieber born
i want to raise the light
how is traffic on the highway
turn my morning alarm on
olly please will you shut off.
please turn on all lights
delete my calendar
should i bring an umbrella today
give me best cooking ideas
train times to glasgow
send an email to my brother and say wedding anniversary
turn on the lamp
please go to the next episode of the podcast
cancel business meeting on wednesday
book me a train ticket for saturday
show me today all train times of next two hours at jodhpur to jaisalmer
reduce light intensity
please clean my calendar
please search for dining tables
please tell me when's my financial meeting
are there any construction areas on harvard
send an email to john
turn the lights on full bright
post that i am going to woodland shoe store
can you read me my lists
make a coffee
what is the current exchange rate from u. s. d. to rupies
olly please would you just stop it.
delete item
book a train ticket from orlando to chicago
play green day
my coffee is cold please make more coffee
what are the current lists i have
make a pot of strong coffee
can we please lower the lights
play fishing podcasts that are favorited
find the list
turn off my wemo plug socket
check emails for last hour
send a reply to mike with the answer four hundred and thirty from his email he sent this morning
want to play a game of trivia
turn on the plug socket one
is there traffic right now in maiden lane
i like you to confirm the details please.
give me the latest updates
inbox my family
play radio one
foreign exchange rates
what is two plus four
open my calendar
would you please confirm that.
please add tom to my contact list
send a tweet to safeway about water in my gas
the set alarm for nine pm on Thursday night
remind me on fifth march of every year to arrange wedding anniversary presents
that is nice work, thanks.
lower the lights in the living room
please switch on my wemo plug socket
show me my reminders
check and confirm the instruction please.
please send me info on how to go about purchasing a train ticket to new york
set a calendar event to repeat yearly on this date
thank you for your response, olly.
perfect job, you have done well.
tweet complaint
start a competitive crossword for us
switch to eastern time zone
could you please turn off the overhead light in the kitchen
back one episode
skip to next episode
play music radio for me
light off living room
i would like to hear heathens by twenty one pilots
open derek's contact information
can you please confirm last thing i said.
learn to cut potatoes correctly
please alert me when john emails me
turn my audio higher
what is the traffic situation right in broadway street
please check my facebook account
tweet complaint to amazon products
play for me american idol show
i would like you just cancel.
create new list
it doesn't matter to me.
compose email
can you please buy me a train ticket
euro to u. s. d.
please tell me the definition of home
could you please tell me what is the rate for pound to u. s. d.
please email celine
let me know the list
lower speaker volume
how big is the grand canyon
turn off the wemo plug socket
can you please make a coffee
what is john smith's number
tweet starbucks and say that the customer service is awful
answer is confirmed.
set an alarm at six in the morning
Put milk on my shopping list
find me a train ticket next monday to new york city
delete my dinner tomorrow
how much to buy stock in i. b. m.
open the radio app
tell me what's happening on social media
what is the amount for train ticket booking
has any mail received with an attachment
play the next podcast episode
will i need an umbrella today
fantastic job, you did well.
i want to hear chopin now
is trump tweeting today
what is three plus four
please check episode number thirty nine
send me notice of meeting wednesday nine am
let me hear my list
evaluate today's schedule
compose this email to this new email address
hey check emails
turn off my room lights
power up the vacuum
it's helpful, thank you.
please remove the first list
put the disco lights on
change the speaker volume to sixty five percent
could you please check and confirm details.
turn on one oh seven point five
describe the empire state building
define a phrase blue sky research
tell me my music likes
how much is apple stock worth
tell me about sean connery
what is piramid
channel seventy two point five
convert five s. d. to rials
was this song in the top twenty
turn off one light in my bedroom
directions to mcdo
can you see if john has replied to my email yet
brighten the lights in the hallway
is there email id of john in the list
what should i make for dinner
is anyone likes my latest photo
that's enough, stop it.
angry bird play
i need to make a grocery list
turn the lights blue at three pm
make the speaker volume on maximum
set alarm for nine am
how many grocery stores are located in my neighborhood
how much long until northern rail arrives at kings cross station
newest world news
turn off my bedside lamp please
how much rate will be calculated
make my calendar empty
i would like to know the traffic condition
start play spider
when is the next train to glasgow from aberdeen
what is happening on facebook
what temperature should the oil be for frying french fries
how often does the train arrive and depart from penn station
tell me what is on my schedule for today
please turn on the wemo plug socket
please send a complaint about my horrible experience with a company
convert current time from ist to est
i want to listen to electric slide
set up a train ticket for next week Friday
you are my hero, thank you so much, olly.
good response to command.
yeap strongly agreed.
play let me love you by ariana grande
i want you to go to hot one hundred and five on the radio
what playlist is on shuffle
a cup of coffee please
what amount of traffic in this road
you rock, thank you very much, olly.
train times to new york
give me the stock price of apple
read out my shopping list for today
activate the radio please
play random radio station
what's the exchange rate between czk and euro
what song is on the radio
olly i want you just stop it.
you've done it right thank you so much.
wake me up at five thirty
please remove dallas from my travel itinerary
show me the exchange rate between czk and dollar
what is hurricane
let me know about the exchange rate of rupee to dirham
eight am in manila is what in new york
let's play space invaders together
google i. b. m. stock prices
open email
email hwu@gmail dot com add to email contacts
if a pencil cost four dollars and a book ten dollars cost how much i should pay if i buy two pencil and three book
switch off the plug point
respond to mom's mail message about the recipe site
remove all upcoming events please
from which movie is the song
i like you check it please.
what did kim kardashian wear to london fashion week
send a tweet to esurance to say i hate you
can anyone tell me what's you guys discussing
add apahelp@yahoo dot com in my contact list
send an email to my boss and attach the presentation file with it apologize for being late
what notifications do i have in social media
who is singing this song
wemo on
make me coffee now
set a repeating reminder alarm for the facebook event i have to attend on seventh april
who wrote the song that is playing
can you tell me about expensive sushi restaurants in west philadelphia
brighten more light
will it be good to buy nike stock today
do i have anything outstanding on any lists
Hey turn the volume high
play radio javan
doesn't really matter for me.
nearest restaurants available at this time
change the light colors
what's the definition of diverse
what is the answer to this math question
start the robotic vacuum
add new year with family next week
what is on the agenda for today
put the lights off now
what is the bbc's latest news
play the romantic songs
may i know what is trending in facebook
what does a grapefruit look like
activate the roomba
remove events from my list
hey olly tell me what shops i am near
change this time to ist
play the jazz station
how is this weeks weather
thank you.
start candy crush
answer for three times four
can you play back to december
please decrease the volume of music player
start cleaning robot cleaner
find twitter handle of tom cruise
shut down please.
list me the stock of apple right now
yeap you have done answer exactly.
no lights
please tell me what a crankshaft is
bring me the title of current music
what is twelve times eight
that's helpful,.
add five plus eighteen minus four please
prepare my coffee
is it going to be nice tomorrow
get more information on geographic information about this place
convert time zone
play music now from radio plus
delete the grocery list
please confirm my last instruction.
add new email to anna
stock price fb
pull up lights control
find the meaning of promise
play all by the beatles
turn out the lights
explanation of the song
i don't really mind for anything.
i want to hear yesterday's podcast from my favorite channel
tweet @bobburgers they screwed up my order and i had to wait an extra hour
load sirius and play a rock and roll show
start the robot vacuum cleaner now
set a reminder alert for saturday nine am towards payment of electricity bill
show trains and time to ny
where do the rocky mountains start
tell me about neal adams
recommend pub in eighth and monte diablo
recite the schedules of the list
it should spices
show me share price of facebook
change the music mode to rock
please cancel.
when did dave matthews email me about the contract
can you just cancel it.
don't let me forget i have a parent teacher conference this monday at four hundred pm
play tennis for me
please open chess game i would like to play with you
turn on socket
cancel everything on my calendar
remove item from list
what price are google stocks trading for
put the news on bbc
i'd like you check what i last said please.
put this on my list
i want to clean my bedroom put the vacuum on and go to my room
do i have to bring umbrella for tonight party
can you tell me how to cook chocolate chip cookies
can you please confirm detail.
how is the traffic around city center
on every tuesday remind me to go shopping
what do you know about the statue of liberty
how does it feel outside
what conducts heat better copper bottomed pots or cast iron
play solitaire with me
vacuum the carpet freshener from the carpet
what is on this specific list
play all the programs pertaining to rock songs on the radio
add this email to my address book
tell me who wrote this song
let's play a game of chess
i want to listen to a new podcast on healthcare
confirm last thing said please.
google what is the temperature outside
i need to edit marie jones email address to read
lower the volume please
switch off kitchen lights
give me the opening stock price of sony
search for the latest news about iphone
delete butterfly clips from my wish list
light colour for study room
what the sexiest food to cook on a date
what is an alternative to flour
play football with me
how do you make sunny side up eggs
please add a new email in my contacts from sara
would you shut up please.
start new list
i can't see anything
please turn off the lights in bedroom
play the next episode of radiolab
i need to change the color of this light
where is russia located
what time does the train leave for chicago
tell me about joose
please play help
what day of the week is my birthday this year
book a train ticket from baltimore maryland to new york new york
open hershey twitter
do you hear songs of arrahman music
tell how vegetable is cooked
exchange euro to dollar
did you get last thing said correctly?
turn down the brightness
please play the next episode in the podcast
remove the board meeting and reschedule for next wednesday
would you check my last question please.
delete my groceries list
please let me know about topic elections
let's hear some indie rock okay
what is a good place for cruise
play last reason podcast
get rid of item on the list
i haven't checked my facebook yet are there any updates from my close friends
tell me when i need to leave the airport
what temperature do you bake a potato
erase item please from my list
how do you turn on the robot vacuum cleaner
I'd like to play UNO with you
search for your favorite meal
i want the smart socket off now
lower the lights in the room
how much did facebook stock increase last night
how is president's trump office proceeding
find out the the train arrival time and book me
can you turn up your volume
activate coffee machine
pull up my cnn app and read it to me
what list is available for my favorite music from ed sheeran
i would like to make a post on times twitter
thank you so much.
can you please turn off the light of my bed room
please tweet for me about the bad service rended by the taj restaurant
where is the closest train depot
what does rice wine go with
is there a way to clear my calendar
can you remind me to check my clothes in a hour
can you see to it that the coffee maker is ready with my filter coffee in approximately ten minutes from now
turn off living room lights
show me the path of nearest railway station
show me the events in my work calendar for next week
brighten the lights on the front porch
i cant hear a thing
you are star, thank you so much.
do i need a sweater today
please will you check my last instruction.
confirm that please.
what are john's contact details
are there any available train tickets to reserve
will you dim all the lights
i'd like you check details please.
dim all interior lights
let's play a game
am i free between six to seven pm
show me reviews of my nearest location food court
what is the cooking time for mashed potatoes
open saga
play podcast for the philadelphia eagles content
yeap good.
show mobile number of john
please start vacuuming
please speak quieter to me
what is the train schedule to denver
play podcast a
set an alarm for this eight hundred pm this evening
turn on the local radio
get news about new foreign policy
it's coffee time
reduce the light power
alarm set
set radio
this event needs to be deleted
that was helpful,.
will you stop please.
will i need an umbrella tomorrow
play newest reason podcast
really wouldn't mind.
please can you check and confirm last thing i said.
let me know the weather for today
change my light color to blue and please turn off the kitchen light
i want to listen arijit singh song once again
please check what said.
which was that coldplay song i listened to yesterday evening can you play it again
get me some latte please
make the light more visible
i've got dollars for the month how much can i spend every day this month
define swerving
can you just stop it please.
refresh my list and tell me whats on it
write a complaint to best buy
how do i subtract four from two
are there any shopping centers nearby
any new emails after five pm
celeb news
set coffee maker to start at three
can i have my list
whats on my list for the time being
from four to six when do i have a free break
i need coffee please preferably hot
please make some coffee for me
who has covered this song
it's a bit dark increase lighting
turn on my plug
set rotating event
when does the train from kansas city to iowa leave
turn volume up to highest level
currency converter please
what is the best mexican restaurant in seattle
what's the closing price of apple
on my grocery list please add oranges
turn the security light off
what is sean connery's birthday
any signs of rain
please turn up the light a little
book a ticket for me on a train to get to boston tomorrow what is available
make this a bit louder
please remove list
what is the square root of forty two
tell me the top stories in the news
tell me what one plus one is
set alarm on twenty fifth may at five pm
how does the dollar compare to the pound
call sarah
do not really mind for any one.
cut the songs in this musics
open twitter type my complaint and post to @consumer service
would you please check what i last said.
what clothes store would you recommend here
turn on this socket
i would like you to add an email to my contacts
remove the bank transaction list
play the radio station one hundred and one point nine
tweet consumer service that i am very disappointed with my recent interaction
info on lisa ann please
get me the latest news in new york
play the veldt by
please turn the lights off in the bathroom
i'd like a coffee please
please set a reminder for church services on sundays for eleven am
can you just cancel please.
current traffic conditions
change the color of the lights in my bedroom to red
turn off garage light
power on wemo
find apple pie recipe
start radio play
yes that's amazing.
can you start my saved podcast
start robot vacuum
what's one divided by plus two divided by cup
do you know about this lyrics
move on to the next podcast episode
tell me the news about jallikattu in tamil nadu
set the alarm for nine am on weekends
play an fm
add appointment in the list
how effective will be to buy nike stock
can i see my facebook feed
i can't hear you
rahul marriage reminder
create a list of books to be ordered
next episode in podcast
that doesn't matter for me, olly.
you have understood my instructions exactly.
how much is the us dollar worth in canada
forward the mail to new email address
open inbox
will you please turn the lights off
current weather forecast
make this email a new contact
take note of today as my first date with bob
how long should i cook a steak to be medium
light color change
i'd like you to confirm that please.
any one is okay to me.
please will you check and confirm it.
bed room two switch off the lights
largest animal
can i get the directions to the nearest bar
what do i need to get done today
delete the last list
exchange rate between dollar and mexican peso
chane light colour to green
do i have banana in my shopping list
please clear out my calendar completely
add practice to calendar on feb four at king's park at two pm
play radio
my games to play in my phones
will you please get the coffee machine to make some coffee
tea shop
what ingredient can be used instead of saffron
it's excellent, appreciated.
how do i go to athens by train
is india win today cricket match
read my grocery list
please tell me how many emails i have
brew me some coffee
find me a recipe for carrot soup
power off the current
please decrease the volume of this song
remove item three
can you book a train ticket for me under dollars
what is the answer to four plus four
give me name and type of this music
well done,.
canadian us exchange rate
it was helpful, musch appreciated.
is summer going on
email friend
tell me items that are on my shopping list
you've got your understanding correcly.
add eggs to my grocery's shopping list
what song is playing on windows media player
please tell me the main points of my two hundred meeting from this afternoon
what is twenty percent of one hundred and twenty
would you please shut up.
remove meeting for wednesday morning
that's good, thanks.
how many kids jackie chan does have
turn the lights off
what is the best shop restaurant around angel
this is of no importance to me.
did apple stocks go up or down
i want the email to be sent to my new email address abc@gmail dot com
meetings from twenty to twenty five june
thanks, that's fantastic job, olly.
is it ok to lower the lights
new updates
tell me how to make tacos
are there any events schedule for this week
current news cnn
what's new on my facebook account
where is the nearest train to me
wake me up at five am
make me a cappuccino
define the moon for me
delete list for groceries
where is kansas located
can you look up train ticket prices for me
play stuff you should know
tell me about donald trump
please give me detail of one yen equals dollar
could you check and confirm what i last said please.
what is the current song called
please check exchange rates
tell me the trains from california to new jersey after eleven pm
color change of lights
could you create a new list for me
tell me about the list
could you please schedule a meeting with this person
find local shops
olly can you please shut off.
turn up your volume
start the robot vacuum cleaner at one pm today
can you open the reply inbox
what temperature should a baked chicken be
check the last thing said please.
can i get a train ticket to chicago for next saturday around noon
i would like a coffee now
show me the shortest route towards nearest train station
would you shut off please.
tweet to consumer service that they should strive to be more accommodating
divide seventy six in two parts
can you set the alarm for one hundred and thirty
this does not matter to me, olly.
on third april we will go to watch j llb movie set it
what is now stock price of tata
what ingredient can be used to replace white wine
activate vacuum
turn off my wemo plug
what does pro bono mean
remove books from list
what is five over three
when is the next train arriving to union station from grand central station
please describe a car
i like you check what i last said please.
remind me at six thirty pm
i want to listen to today's hits
make the volume lower
what is the exchange rate for pounds and u. s. d.
do i have a doctors appointment today
please lower music volume
olly please would you stop.
can you play rfi
do i have any missed call from patrick
any upcoming events
start robo vac
please can you confirm the question.
remind me about my anniversary in one day advance
turn off the light
start a vacuum cleaner
tell them that their lines were too long
show me my latest social media activity
what is the traffic like right now on telegraph
delete all events in calendar
read me new messages from name
more light
yeap that was wonderful.
book a train ticket to city leeds
what's the temperature
brief me about my news feed stories
yeah strongly agree.
what are the latest photos on my instagram account
what is trending
play the next episode of the BBC tech podcast
add carl's email to my contact
i do not want to use the socket anymore
can you remove this item from the list
the list contain what
give me the stock price of intel
olly please shut down.
tell me the temperature in pheonix
lights up
let's play checkers
lower lights in kitchen
can i get a train ticket to
which songs do i listen to most
what johncena do
decrease the volume to ten
tell me which stocks were the biggest gainers in stock market nasdaq today
please check my gmail for new mail
how's weather today
give me an update on the election in one hour
what's happening in the news
can you make coffee
i need to go to dundee at five am on sunday by train
please turn off the porch light
define what a wizard is
i want you to delete my shopping list from last month
tweet my complaint on targets customer service
the list should not contain all food items with the prefix dry
next episode in the podcast please
can you set a reminder for wednesday at one pm for my meeting
play bbc radio one
turn off the living room light
find my email for date
what does it look like
list all the events in my march calendar
lighten the light
find the best rock station near my location and turn it on
recommend a local steak restaurant
i wouldn't bother, olly.
turn all the lights off
turn off the lights
save that email as a new contact
can you reserve a train ticket for this day
tell me the latest stock of pepsi
is the traffic bad enough that i should leave early
hey go from off to on my vacuum in five minutes
what's the capital of tanzania
give me election updates
set a new alarm for that time
i want the light to be a little more red ish
Show me a traffic map from kamycka to dejvicka
set event on recurring
which continent has highest growth of cotton and what is average production
put dark colours instead of light ones in the house
will you please shut up.
have no idea regarding to what to select, olly.
what is three times seven
i want to bright the room more
can you set my coffee machine to make me coffee at four pm time
please will you confirm the last thing said.
tell me about the latest sports news
when it is nine in the east what time is it in the west
remove item four
did you get it correctly?
who was the last person to email me
turn off the lights please
figure out what percentage thirty is of one hundred and sixty three
lower the volume
open fm
mobile device explanation
tell me the time in g. m. t. plus five
book a train ticket to boston tomorrow
let me know if anything happens on that subject
list of the nearby restaurant
michael jackson family background
make me coffee at eight am
command was confirmed.
add the item to the list
it will be good if you yellowish the light
i need help making pancakes
please tell me what day this event reminder is set for
olly i would like you stop.
set generic calendar event for next saturday at ten am
color the lights red
stock price for sprint
make the lights brighter
turn on coffee machine and make a pot of coffee
is the meeting scheduled for tomorrow
when it's ten pm here what time is it in brisbane
i'm thinking of a number one to ten
please turn up the lights in this room
deactivate smart plug socket
turn on wemo
how far is parana river
what is the condition of traffic from work to home
check email from john
book a ticket for today in irctc site for the stored information
can you turn down the lights by twenty percent
do i have free time next tuesday to schedule a meeting
i need the current dart rail schedule from west irving station to north lake college
set an alarm for tomorrow at six in the morning
exchange rate of yan with dollar
did anyone like my photo i just posted
thanks for the response, olly.
erase all content in my calendar
how is traffic over the donner summit now
don't really care.
ring the alarm when i get home
traffic
lower the light to forty percent
remove cheese from my list
send a tweet
set an eight hundred am alarm for next tuesday
could you speak up
send an email for me
can you find me a furniture store near me
olly can you just stop.
increase the volume
clear all events on my calendar
please train
ah that's awesome work.
cancel the event valentine's day from the calendar
brighten light
send me the last list uploaded
can you really see russia from alaska
how much is dollars american worth in yen
weather in home town
what will the weather be for the next week
book a ticket to paris on eurostar at five pm this Friday
what was last sent to me in my social media feed
move buying eggs item to trash from to do list
turn on my michael jackson playlist
weather in chicago please
is that song from shakira
please show me lists
start angry bird
olly what songs have i listened to at least ten times
turn on the robot vacuum
you are star, thank you.
get me to the nearest train station
disable shuffle
what is charles's email
whatever is good with me, olly.
please play some jazz music
please dim the lights
turn down volume twenty percent
snapchat
how is iron made
increase the volume of the music to ninety
select the contact
you have done it right musch appreciated, olly.
send email to gary
vacuum the living room carpet
contacts please
turn the plug off
play melody songs
do i have any appointments coming up
repeat music
set a reminder for my shopping trip tomorrow at five pm
olly can you shut off.
repeat album
what is current traffic in ohio
do i have a new email from sandy
how much is indian rupee going against us dollar
olly that is enough, just cancel.
start new smart socket
brew coffee at noon
alert me at the time of the event
how do i change the color of the lights
how many sides are on a pentagon
bring up a new shopping list
dim lights
is there a way to pull up information about a contact
i am gonna need an umbrella today after sunset
Please play this game
turn the light off
can you please off the light
what's the exchange rates
remove the list called party time
what's jesse's birthday
that's all, just cancel it.
please can you shut off.
please open snooker game i would like to play with you
repeat previous song
pull up the headlines please
hey olly turn the radio on
please turn off the light
please play only sad song in music player
turn up the volume on the music
what is john's last name
run coffee maker
remind me to water my plants every tuesday thursday and saturday
search for the correct game
latest reminder about meeting
clear everything from the calendar
i can't see turn up the lights
tell me my list names
write a tweet to this company
i need a train ticket to denver
tweet my current location
which song is this
give the shortest route to the airport
will you please play the next episode of podcast
thank you so much, olly.
play uno together
olly please would you shut off.
please turn on my door lock
change mountain standard to pacific
make the lights blue in here
can you find animal crossing
please start vacuum
you've done it correctly thanks, olly.
can you shut off please.
tell me a nice chinese restaurant
if it is noon in virginia what time is it in california
puzzles and games app
i like you cancel.
what will the weather be like in austin on march sixteenth
play music in library
erase spaghetti from list
i would like to attend church every sunday at eleven am
clear my activities list for today
quick meals
what's my stock fluctuations
i want a coffee now
what is the email address for tessa
hey start vacuum cleaner robot
when is the next train to philadelphia
can you pull up information on the singer of this song
update me on the standing rock protest
is the road clear in florida
tweet my complaint about my truck to consumer digest
i need you to book a train ticket that leaves at two pm
lets hear wgrr one hundred and three point five
when is the train coming
can you pull up the latest time so i won't be late for my appointment
i need you to put walk the dog on my list to do
did you get what just said correctly?
can you book me a train ticket to bombay for tomorrow in any train
turn on vacuum cleaning
tell me about price of stock for innova
i need a good shop
anything would be good.
is there any post from my friend mike in facebook
remove pencil from stationary
what is the customer service feedback
i appreciate it, it is great one, olly.
please turn the music volume up
do you want to play solitaire
yeah you've got that perfectly.
how long does it take for the train to get to orlando
please tell me news related to the stock market
go to the list and remove item
tweet kohls about the cleanliness of their store
i would like you to check the question please.
i would like to have a cup of coffee
play new radio channel
play station gx in the radio
turn off the light of my bed room please
locate nearby dining places
yeah exactly.
in classic all music are there ever any singers
what's the current exchange rate for the euro against u. s. d.
go to email and send message to
what lists do i have
switch lights to red tone
use facebook to post
do i need boots today
lower the intensity of light
please turn down the lights to fifty percent in the den
what was the date when the plum street temple in cincinnati ohio was built
turn on all upstairs lights
get rid of the first three events in my calendar
want to wake up can you order a cappochino
reply the email of charles with just thank you right now
will you check and confirm the instruction please.
play the song title
pick up dry cleaning tomorrow
wouldn't know, olly.
play my preferred song
define what's a goalkeeper
change my plan erase my next event
turn off the garage light
please can you confirm it.
hey play me a popular country song
what is the best hardware store near me
play one thousand and thirty seven fm
where does fred work
make all the lights in the house orange
economic affairs
turn on the wemo plug
do i have a meeting on saturday march twenty fifth
make the lights a different color
book a train ticket to new york
check my twitter account
can you give me train times for ann arbor
change the color of lights
that does not really matter, olly.
what is the time of the morning train headed to chicago
what is home town weather
give me low lighting in the kitchen
i want to play poker with you
does my co worker have a home phone number
how many millilitres is two table spoons
what is currently trending on twitter
tell me the artist of this song
a new list to be created by tomorrow
i need to make a list of bills that are due
increase light
open up angry birds
answer this mathematical question
i need you to set an alarm
tell me the details of the music playing
what was the name of my last email
how expensive is google stock
change the lights to a different hue
book for me a train ticket to california
increase lighting
get route for los angles from here
turn the lights higher
brighten the light at seventy percent
brew me a cup of coffee
how do i make meatloaf
start email
tweet freedom pop customer service i am dissatisfied
will I need a raincoat when I go to glasgow on sunday
what is two times two
turn the lights down
will you check and confirm command please.
create a new list by tomorrow
you are star, musch appreciated, olly.
what's the weather in toronto today
skip this episode
whatever is okay for me.
please send email to pawel with reminder
delete last entry
how high is pikes peak
can i have stock rate list of ola and uber
what's trending on twitter
it's good one, appreciated.
show me the stock prices of target today
play music for me
can you make me a cup of coffee
clean the floor please
hey olly play the radio
clear all data from calendar
want to play a game
delete from the calendar the next event
play gta vice city game
please make me wake up at four am tomorrow
please remove this item from the list
set a timer at five am seven days a week
display address of john
play the list from my favorites
what's next on the list
what can i substitute butter with
tell me the time when punjab mail will reach gwalior
you did it exactly.
let's play global thermonuclear war
make coffee at three
turn room lights off now
play today's podcast from the mi
can you remind me about the gym class in two hours
it is five forty five am in liverpool what time is now new york
turn lights off
what is the dollar exchange rate
i wouldn't really mind.
add a reminder to april fourth to go to the dentist
what year did george clooney start acting
turn the lights down a bit
list the items on my shopping list
yeap you've understood the answer right.
how hot are summers in gibraltar
read the list
find easy recipe for almond milk
respond to graham and let him know that i will be free tomorrow
can you please check what i last said.
could you calculate five plus five
what do i need to complete first from the list
how is shell s stock doing today
fix the driving route from here to grant market
post a facebook status engaged
can you lower the lights
open events this week
is there any events planned for the next three months
send a test email to
delete appointment at time
i want to play fifa seventeen
what is john smith's home phone number
start cappuccino for me now
how do you zest a lime without a zester
set alarm for tomorrow morning at six am
what are the titles of the lists in contacts
can you brighten the lights for me
yeah you have gotten my instructions perfectly.
turn my smart plug socket on
olly would you please shut up.
change the overhead light to orange
hey olly make the lights a little dimmer
whats going on in my calendar
do i have any new facebook notifications
got it exactly.
speak quieter
shift the balcony light to off
play for me american idol on television
please make the room brighter
save new email addresses to my contacts
tell chris i will be late through email
please start the coffee
what is glass made of
time between us and canada
are there any events on my calendar for this week
check the details please.
repeat this song when it ends
remove calendar events for this week
you have done it correctly musch appreciated, olly.
would you shut up.
please find all name start with alphabetic of g and create a list
can you change the light colors in the house
is it going to rain in seattle today
how is jennifer garner's career doing
twelveth july is bola's birthday and my calendar to be updated with this date
you did nice job, appreciated, olly.
how is the traffic in mg road
please show me the exchange rate between the dollar and the yen
best rap music
what is computer
how are the top ten stocks at the moment
olly that would be all.
where is the pharmacy in leavenworth
i would like to listen to this programme on radio
get the roomba to start cleaning
shut off lights
ah it was great one, olly.
please find a contact number of jayesh and tell me
remind me to meet with steve at one pm tomorrow
tweet your waiting time sucks tag koc
how is the traffic situation in houston street
delete all my appointments for today
make the lighting bit more warm here
set an alarm for two hours from now please
whats a good place to eat around midtown new york
all new mail
remove grocery list please
tell what is the value of sin thirty
please add an item in my calendar
when was the song playing now released
tell me the song that is currently playing
how do i make tuna casserole from scratch
what are my reminders for this week
i want to make next week's to do list
which is the nearest restaurants available
instagram
email my sister about mom's birthday jane we should think about arranging the party at the park
what's the address for alex
who is the music director of this song
tweet british airways that my last flight from chicago to london was delayed
tell me current situation of traffic near central park road
rewind button
sunny in oslo
is one divisible by three
what does speaker mean
is there any traffic downtown right now
could you give me the exact rate for dow nifty futures
please confirm my last question.
i would like my to tell me the trend on foreign exchange rates
i want to dance to the tune of raghu dixit
please play the local latin music channel on the radio
i want the speakers turned up high
tell me what the word organism means
make a coffee for me
erase events
remove my grocery list
you've done the command right.
make the lights off
switch on the plug
Show chicken tikka recipe
what are the climatic conditions in that area
play the next episode of adele's podcast
i want a train ticket
lower volume of music player
what is the forecast
hey send email to john
create a new list called grocery store please
will you confirm that please.
can you please put the vacuum on
delete the next event in the calendar
please erase the next birthday event
please remove sporty event from list
id like to get on the next train that will be departing indianapolis headed to chicago
the radio should play only on nine hundred and ninety nine fm
add a new email
hi what is happening in twitter today
arrange the list in alphabetical order that are available
tell me about the presidential race
hi olly please remove the birthday event on coming sunday
could you please shut up.
have remainder of the program to listen
musch appreciated, that's good.
how old is mary s.
the definition of life
would not really care, olly.
turn off the bedroom lamp
please turn off the light in the upstairs bedroom
what's the exchange rate between the us dollar and the euro
define the word novel
what is on the list for today
can you remove remove buying eggs item from my to do list
tweet verizon customer service
delete from playlist my old english songs list
what are i. b. m.'s stock prices
set an alarm at six am tomorrow
what music do i prefer
thank you very much for that information.
set alarm for six am tomorrow
lights off in the kitchen please
show me my meetings this Friday
low the volume
can you find the dave ramsey podcast that aired earlier today
can I get the recipe for chocolate brownies
what time does the train from new york come in
have my iroomba clean the house
just add a new email in my contacts from michael
who is the contact that last called me
olly please cancel.
play my favourite podcast
turn up speakers
what are the best italian restaurants in los angeles
i would like it to be able to find recipes i have
make the lights less bright
tell me the artist name
right response to command.
hey i want to send an email to my friend
when the birthday will be
which bank will give better rate for currencies i have
show me how to cook a recipe
can you make the room brighter
get the duet game
play me all jazz music
did my friend rohit posted something on facebook
switch on the green light in playroom
please put bread on the grocery list
any traffic issues today
how many eggs are on my grocery list
please dim the lights in the bedrooms
on my calendar are there any birthdays
increase light intensity
play the urban radio station
what's going on at the capitol
where is the closest bar
please turn off my smart plug socket
appreciated, that is great job.
what time is the last train headed to chicago
add meet with dave at subway on weber on four april at five pm
what is john's phone number
remove john's birthday from the calendar
start coffee
is traffic light
call raju phone number
whats on my shopping list
change light colour to yellow
on vacuum cleaner
what does potato mean
send an email to dad about the weather for the week
look up the definition to ambulance
did you get last thing i said correctly?
make me a cup of coffee please
toggle wemo plug socket on
change the bedroom lights to green
disable smart socket
siri open twitter tweet @potus sucks
what's going on on wall street this week
stock prices of rolls royce
close the light
access recipe book please
change my room lights so that i can get a good sleep
what are amd stock prices
can you make a red shade of light in the living room
go to www dot metronorth dot com for train tickets
remind me about my biology test at fsu on friday
olly will you stop please.
can you recommend any pub in mg road
fetch me the phone number of Alexander
favourite podcast
repeat this song three times
what do i have to do today
lower the brightness
is bills cell phone number in my contacts
activate the cleaner for furniture cleaning
any one would be fine for me.
i have no idea regarding to what to do, olly.
remove all the events of last month from the calendar
play this podcast
yeap right.
that was cool, i appreciate it.
how slow is traffic on the five
can you raise the lights for me please
turn up
please look up clothing stores near me
do i have any events scheduled today
please turn on the lights in my house
whats the traffic like near ypsilanti
please book train ticket to new york
change the lights to my favorite color
find me news about trumps speech
loudly
what going on
please turn on the sean hannity show on am
give details of rock sand
please add list of friends to invite for the party
repurchase last train ticket to phillyx
tell me what's trending on twitter
give me instructions on how to cook chicken
i would like to know the route the train will go to get to miami
tell me lexmark's current stock price
please turn off the smart plug socket
what is the root of 16
please give me the road forecast for i95 sb
show ana number
create an alarm for five pm
title of song
i would not mind, olly.
id like to know if there are any accidents on the route that i am taking
remove cart list
you have done it right thanks, olly.
start music
how do i cook rice
increase lights please
brighten living room lights
is there more traffic in canal street
it's good job, i appreciate it.
start up the coffee machine
volume louder please
get me a local restaurant
set alarm at six thirty am
play my favorite music
check any mail from amazon
prepare to send an outgoing reply message
do i have any new messages in twitter instagram or facebook
really don't mind, olly.
how much is ten u. s. d. to cad
order a train ticket to boston
get the coffee started please
play the latest song adele
add alarm
how is the weather down in orange tx
send a tweet to tmobile for rude employees
show me a list of places where my relatives have been based on their photos
please turn my speakers on google
play by favorite radio station
switch from blue to yellow lights
Where is miami
i need to get up at ten tomorrow
tweet a complaint to comcast
amazing job, you have done well.
birth date for movie star keanu reeves
what is the title of the song
olly shut down.
when is the next train to new york
could you please lower your volume
please list the best clothing shops near me
get rid of everything on my calendar
skip to next nyt podcast
order one coffee from nearest coffee shop
can you please download my podcast file available in internet and play it once
please check this companies stock
what are the traffic conditions on the one hundred and one
post to facebook at the spa yay with a smiley face emoticon
what is mary smith's telephone number
olly turn the volume up
may i ask you to dim the lights
can we play twenty questions
what is on this list
open pandora app
I need the volume to be quieter
play bbc radio
whatever will be fine.
perfect response to command.
show me the best podcast of folk songs having good rating and play it
make the ceiling lights brighter
what's leon's email
new twitter message
yeap you've understood it correcly.
change up the light colors at home
could you please help me in listening to the radio
email john smith
what's the best clothes store here
will you check and confirm that please.
Define economics
raise the volume of the current music
power off please
brighten the lights in this room
wake me at daybreak
Turn down volume
remind me to take out the trash
what's the next thing on my list of appointments
clear the dust and then on the cleaner
where should i go for mexican food in me area
reshuffle and play music
turn off my wifi
what is three hundred and four plus one
save email id
rotate the light colors
make a coffee please
i am interested in what emotions are conveyed in grateful dead music
how much of the earth is made up of water
notify me of the latest news on the stock market
what's my next events
ah it is excellent.
please set the alarm for seven
what are the ingredients in macaroni and cheese
cancel my birthday party
set an alarm for nine am
use google to show me how to cook
run vacuum cleaner
Volume louder softer
turn the robot vacuum cleaner on
what is the weather for the school week
make a new contact with this email
what lists are available
please add dinner with mary to my calendar on saturday
set the alarm in my calendar events before five mins
decrease lighting
define television
would you check and confirm last thing said please.
is chase doing good
multiply one thousand by twelve
i want to listen some music play a radio station
coordinate all pop song genres
show me the newest podcasts
do i have meeting with steve this week
play the kansas city hip hop station
how hot is it in quebec
twenty minus ten
how many new emails since i last checked
can you tweet lif about their app crashing
turn the lights up
play me a game of tic tac toe
decrease volume
set an alarm at ten tomorrow to remind me a meeting
can you start the coffee machine for me
play radio station
you are awesome, thanks.
rj raunak programme play on ninety two point seven fm
please update my grocery list with one gallon of two percent milk
go near vacuum cleaner
tell me mary's cell number
yeap perfect response to the command.
turn my iroomba on
turn off overhead light
bring up the grocery list and add
what's the pound to dollar exchange rate
recipe for spaghetti
how many of my contacts live or work in detroit
my facebook update in every three hour should be available
remove my car payment on the fifteenth from my calendar
email my friend about our plans tonight
that's all, cancel it.
what genre is this song in
what is scheduled on my calendar today
can you change the colour to red
it's amazing job, thank you very much, olly.
that's enough, just stop it.
can you change my time zone from central time to pacific
set a reminder on fifteenth march as meeting
enable smart socket
raise all the lights on
amazon stock price
shuffle music
can you play beats one radio
new policies
show current track in music player
what is twelve plus one hundred and ninety six
when is the next train to london
have there been updates on abortion law
can you turn off my desk lamp
do i have new emails from john
have i received any emails about jared's birthday
lets play chess together
explain photosynthesis
remove the milk from the shopping list
show me rediff masala
what is the exchange rate between money i'm the united states and switzerland
could you play you don't bring me flowers
how can i cook pasta
anything would be good with me, olly.
is there a train from philadelphia to new york city at noon
lessen the the light glow
what is the sum of 9 and 12
yes fantastic.
locate local pizza shops
where was marlon brando born
increase brightness by twenty percent
change house light colors to blue
play the serial podcast
do we have morgan's office's number
add lunch appointment with lisa to january second at twelve thirty pm
what does the analysts say about the new immigration policies
i need to know current weather in new york city
current currency rate
you are the best, thank you so much, olly.
open contacts and find john smith
let's go through all pending reminders
show me emails from my friends
i want you to remove this event
can you book a train ticket to berkeley for me
can you play my music file
turn off my wemo socket
what's on my list
tune into the nearest english fm station
olly would you shut up please.
repeating event meeting on mondays
can you check and confirm details.
do i have any meetings on friday's afternoon
i will no longer be joining mom for lunch tomorrow
what's bob scrote's net worth
where is a nearby park where i can go running
ask for the weather today morning
let me know of the meeting on tuesday
how long to get downtown
will i be able to get away with shorts today
remove lunch with co workers on thursday
light off now
vacuum living room
one plus two equal
send a request to martin
resume series podcast
yeap that's correct.
it was nice one, thanks.
who sung this
play the most current episode of levin
tell me what was the temperature in our city at twelve pm
i want to play blackjack
when is jacob's birthday
please read the last email for me
how is the traffic on I twenty five
play scrabble with me
delete the events from the calendar on twenty eighth march
how many pesos can i get for a dollar right now
lighter shade on the lights please
are there any detours that i need to know about
bring up papa pear saga
take me to tnagar
what music genre do i play most
what is the result of two by two
make a grocery list please
there is a pile of torn paper on the rug to suck up
shut down sps
increase the brightness of the light it is hard to see down here
post to facebook I'm home
olly that is enough, just cancel it.
can you recommend good stores in this area
when was this song first recorded
name the lists available
what is the stock price of sensex right now
put out the lights
wake me up
who's current music's author
use vacuum cleaner in the hall
send this message to @microsoft on twitter
i need a recipe that is from ingredients on my shopping list
given it is four thirty five pm in london what time is it in melbourne
let's play some pong
send an email to with the subject as test and no content
it's really loud can you please turn the music down
ah it's awesome, olly.
take milk off my grocery list
what is happening in the world today
do the knicks have a game at home tonight
what is eighty seven minus fourteen
increase the brightness in this room
delete happy dance playlist
what does a beech tree look like
yes you got answer correcly.
play fmod
can you empty my calendar
down the volume
it is unimportant.
i've heard this riff before what song stole this riff it's exactly the same
can you take a role of enemy in the game of coc
please start me some coffee
do we add rosemary in pasta
what is five divided by one
can you make sure the kitchen light is off
please set alarm to my mobile phones
power off on
please play workout playlist
turn on pdr am
open pandora play rock station
what is the sum of fifteen ninety nine dollars and six sixty five dollars
tell me today's direction
add valia's wedding the next saturday at eight o clock
book a ticket in irctc website from sbc to mdu on may two for stored passenger list
can i get the definition to ambulance
show stock of goog
what is the definition of session
read me the last email from stefan and oil change
you've done that correctly thanks.
place alarm at five o'clock morning
i'd like you to turn turn on the tv
cancel my event on june nineteenth
add this new email
play a game of contra as a second player
make me some coffee from the coffee machine
thanks for asssistance.
play yesterday's hot ninety seven morning show
send a mail to whom to talk
please increase the light of table lamp
find me the latest podcast about president trump and his immigration ban
let wendy's know i hate them
blot me all the phone calls planned for the morning of twenty three march
tell me what is on the list
please delete the list
please raise the volume of speaker
convert euros to dollars
what's my to do list for today
lower lights
how warm is it in columbus ohio
get a me a train ticket to milwaukee from chicago on sunday morning
where is a good place to eat cheap pakistani food
how big is russia
cut down the volume
buying of groceries new list
please turn off all the lights in my house
put an alarm and wake me up at six am tomorrow morning
yes wonderful response.
hackernews
in delhi traffic level too high
would you please check and confirm what i last said.
dim the lights in my bedroom
how do i make mashed potatoes
i am need my hat today
are there any news regarding our president on facebook today
on february fourteenth make dinner reservations at the restaurant
hey please reply to last pawel's email
turn speaker volume down
how much is dollar worth in persos
will you please check it.
meeting update my calendar to reflect meeting
yeap it's confirmed.
what's next on my list
define forensic
have no idea regarding to which to select.
how many likes does my status from yesterday have
i would not mind to select any one.
weather forecast please
power up the plug socket one
please create a new list for me
can i see my work lists
get latest news report on kidnapping in ny
can you play the next episode please
skip to next podcast
what is the title and artist of this song
what is a good vegan egg substitute
rise volume
where jackie chan currently live
yeah that's great.
please will you check and confirm my last instruction.
find me a description of morel mushrooms
off mobile charger plug
start playing my most played podcast
secure train passage for me on july three
best bar in local area
how many tablespoons are there in a cup
move forward to the next episode
olly please could you shut down.
start playing fm ninety six point five when it is one pm
what is happening with brexit today
turn off the lights in the living room
what is a cookie recipe
play the most recent podcast for this american life
find out what song this is and tell me the name
activate a one week notification before my anniversary please
please look up best recipes
play a game of chess with me
begin a new list
respond to my bosses email with the word that i will be in at four in the evening
play news in fm
how long was bryan cranston on breaking bad
find me the oldest hotel in washington dc
what is six minus four
initiate the robot vacuum cleaner
please show me the local weather
by main power off
email alice to let her know we are on the way
add milk to grocery list
what is the square root of nine
is bills house number in my contacts
what events do i have scheduled today
wouldn't mind.
when did beyonce and jay z get married
instructions to make a meal
find me someone
i need to go to lyon book a train ticket
please tell me what lists i have
which contact haven't i called in twelve months
what is derek's phone number
i need you to mark next monday
every wednesday night at five pm remind me to meet phil
recommend artists similar to rihanna
read unchecked email
mario
turn shuffle on music player on
this is a tweet for comcast if i have my internet and phone service from you and it goes out how can i contact you
where can i shop as a local tourist
please delete the last song that played from the playlist
set my alarm for time
give me a traffic update
more lights please
i want to start a new list
latest tweets
olly that is all, cancel.
please would you confirm detail.
when was born abraham lincoln
am i available at five pm on sunday
you've done that right thank you very much.
show news of migration
can you turn on the vacuum
can you play monopoly with me
what will be the highest temperature in coming week
just let me know about current traffic in carmen drive
all lights has to be turned off during the day
please turn lights off
show me the train schedules to the metropolitan opera house
please begin clash of clans
will you please shut down.
what time does the train depart from downtown los angeles to santa barbara
darker lights please
did the yankees win last night
what posts have i missed from my friends
is it snowing in seattle
that's nice one, thanks.
open my list
don't mind for whatever.
look up for the residential address of my team leader
please retweet this post on twitter
google i need one train ticket to new york can you book that for me
near by grocery
open the contact named john
shazam this music
on all the button on dashboard
please go to settings of the music player and make the equalizer in the flat sound mode
show me the latest news from the un
post to twitter trump is such an ass
what's happening today
is there any construction on route sixty six
what is trending in tech today
book my first class ac train ticket from new york to san francisco
it's perfect.
activate radio and tune into nine hundred and eighty nine
i want to start a new list of power tools on sale at true value
please play james altucher's podcast
please tell me how can I remove the item
give me a recipe for lasagne
schedule my meeting with my girlfriend lisa in the night today at nine pm
robot vacuum cleaner on
what is clint eastwood doing these days
do i have a home number for shelly
has john replied to my facebook post
open the profile of allen from my contact
Has @realdonaldtrump posted anything new on twitter
should i take an umbrella today
open spotify and play list five
could you please yell the answer out to me
make the lights in my home yellow
unmute after
set an alarm for eight pm
what is the current traffic
add this email to my contact
play netflix on my ps four
tweet my complaint to @consumer service
what are todays top podcasts
olly can you cancel please.
bring back talking after
clear my calendar for saturday
will you send the email to greg
i want to see the news
pontificate definition
you have done that perfectly.
listening song of arijit singh post it on my facebook account
socket off
notify me about the meetings over a period of some days
what is the name of the artist that created this song
make the bedroom lights light blue
is it going to rain today in san diego
update alarm
what is the current exchange rate of euro to dollar
may i know what is trending in twitter
what are the list of things i need to buy today
change my status to chillin
will there be snow this week
show the playlist
what is the last email i received
i will need my filter coffee in ten minutes please ask the coffee maker accordingly
oh it's great job.
tell me what's on my shopping list
please describe about microwave
find the correct temperature for frying a whole turkey
set meeting with joanna on Saturday four pm
three times two equals six
show me the weather forecast for the next three three days
i want the cheapest train ticket to new york
play racing
u. s. d. position now
how many g. b. p. can i get for one dollar
what is the latest news about obamacare
set the alarm tone
play foke
how many likes does my last instagram photo have
what else do i have on the list
turn off the lights in the bedroom
what is the daily price of johnson and johnson stock
do remove next event from the calendar
switch off wemo
how many american dollars are in a euro
yeah you've gotten my instructions right.
repeat reminder for my schedule for christmas
is there a sports bar near kansas city plaza area
recommend songs based on my playlist
olly that is all, just stop it.
what is a shoal
give me the name of all the shops in my area
please recommend a restaurant in seattle
please turn the lights on
i need ninety nine point five please
thank you so much for your helping.
turn off smart lamp in den
shut down the plug
are there any good pizza places around here
hips dont lie thats the song i would like you to play for me
what and who was i emailed about last week
add jim and jerry to event
olly i would like you just cancel it.
ah that's nice one.
where is a great pub
i don't really mind to choose any one.
please sent this email to my friend
book a ticket for the evening train line
olly talk to you later on.
turn the chandelier all the way up
could you check it.
put on a pot of coffee
turn on my robot vacuum cleaner now
will the temperature be in the today
it is too bright in here dim the lights
that is unimportant with me.
would you please confirm the instruction.
please make coffee according to my earlier preference
announce a comment in facebook
olly can you please shut down.
is there a traffic jam on my route
can you tell me the phone number of me
how is the traffic presently near central park road
play the barney theme song
what is on my to do list today
show up the events for me today
what is the exchange rate of euro today to dirham
can i please have a cafe americano
open jazz
what is amazon worth
how is the traffic now
please turn off kitchen light
remind me of my twelve oclock meeting by eleven thirty
make an alarm for the morning
siri what is the definition of ziggurat
how much is one american dollars worth in england
play all the latest pop songs
what are the items on my list
turn on spotify shuffle
is there anything new on snapchat
check if there any new email
can you please shut down.
press play on the radio
get me a ticket to boston
play some boy band music
can you tell me a good place to eat
yeah you understood command correcly.
can you pull up the dave ramsey podcast that aired on monday
i want to listen to podcast
i would not bother.
select a different color for the lights
what is in a curry
start playing ringcast
i need one cup of coffee
good food
what shops are round here
what year what the eiffel tower built
times clapping sound times
more volume please
can you delete the not so important events
play true love next
what is the headline from today's morning local news
please run the vacuum
i want to listen to one oh one point one the whiz
do i have any private messages on any social media
what's on my list to do today
play favorited podcasts on fishing
show me my events
delete this from list
look for a radio station called rhythm on the frequency one
have no idea regarding to which to select, olly.
please go to amtrak dot com to purchase tickets
add grocery to list
repeat birthday
please tell me the name of this band
i would like to know the best rating pubs in the local area
play the health show on the television in the living room
make me coffee
play old fashioned christmas music
play the local r. n. b. radio station
please continue with the next podcast episode
i need you to turn on the vacuum cleaner
lower hallway lights
grocery list add eggs
is it joes birthday soon
please clear jeff's birthday from the calendar
how many contacts do i have in my phone book
delete the shopping list
home town weather
start the robot vacuum cleaner
what i can do with laptop
start my jazz playlist
i want dimmer lights
how many lists do i have
give me the morning news
latest news
what are the results of the election
tell artist and title of this song
make coffee at six am
can you tell me what an chaise is
read my list to me
show john's contact information
hey reply a mail which i received
show meaning of clarion
where should i go eat tonight
could you check my last question.
reopen groceries and add milk
i would like you check details please.
can you please change the mood of the light
who is doing facebook live right now
what restaurants are open near me
please play me a song from my favourite list
tell me the answer for two plus two
please delete list titled kickball
tell me summary forecast microsoft stock forecast to thirty days ahead
how would you describe a tennis ball
alter the color of the lights at home
turn off the lights in the bathroom
that is all, just cancel.
check last thing i said please.
do i have a dentist appointment on monday morning
hey play crazy by britney spears
book me a train ticket to chicago for tomorrow morning before ten
yeah great response to command.
what is the stock price of amazon
does bob live in france
i need a train ticket to rome book ticket
can you do me a favor my eyes are feeling strained on these lights can you please change it to a cooler tone
play jingle bells
what time does the last train arrive in dallas
play the radio for me
remove vegetables from the list
i want you to confirm what i last said please.
would you please check and confirm it.
set meeting with the ceo tomorrow
add jpearsonjessica@gmail dot com to email contacts
i don't want to attend the dinner on march first any more so could you remove it from my agenda
change the color of the light
play tonic
when does the next train to work leave
play music playlist
remove my meeting today at one pm
speak louder please
recommend me some shops to shopping in angel
remember dinner on thursday at bistro italia
how would you describe the sun
smart plug socket off please
keep the socket in off condition
how do i start the robot vacuum cleaner
what does a geranium look like
open calendar and make an event reminder
find radio
tell me the exact count of followers on my twitter handle as of today
i like you to check and confirm what i said please.
how many oscars does morgan freeman have
yes wonderful response to command.
make my lights blue
list the current price of microsoft shares
i did not want you to send that text yet wait until i say send
what are the train times for today
can you turn off wemo plug socket
please turn off the wemo plug socket
origin of word
tell me where the local shopping district is
is it sunny in gonbad now
i do have a to do list for today don't i
delete my meeting for tomorrow
can you play call me by aretha franklin after this song is finished playing
what did the s n. p close out at
can you boil the kettle
do i have any emails from robert
whats the currency exchange rate from dollars to euros
please play next episode of podcast
please clear the list
email dad how is the weather this week
book a train ticket to canada this evening
turn off light
show me music by that artist
send email to mom asking about the weather
was my meeting today rescheduled
create an alarm for today at ten am
put alarm at five am
jj.nzt@yahoo dot com
i need the arrival time for new york train
where is the closest kroger
book ticket for paris by train
olly please can you cancel.
yeah you've got my instructions right.
what is my email from steve about
where is the hottest desert located
i need to know how to make stuffed peppers
turn off the fan in the master bedroom
please tweet the following complaint
check the command.
what genre of music is in my music folder
go and make me a coffee
check mom's number
do not mind to select any one.
read me the last tweet from the washington post
you are smart.
is it possible for you to provide the likes of my music
show me the demographic growth rate of switzerland in the last ten years
when was the last call i received from jordan
what's happened in the news recently
yeap it's good.
speak softer please
post a complaint via twitter to cvs pharmacy
play a party music list
i want to change the color of the lights
brighter
what is jeff's number
put the current song on repeat
games
clean the carpets
is warren buffet is investing in my listed stocks
give me some funny facebook posts
we should play nfs at high speed
what's the news in politics
how do i get the answer to two plus two
tell me how to get from here to the chimes in covington
what traffic is there on the route to the pittsburgh airport
please start the coffee pot
price of train ticket from delhi to mumbai
meeting july calendar
give me recent emails
is there traffic
please tell me latest video going viral on twitter for topic narendra modi
i want to turn on the blue lights
would not bother, olly.
play my morning playlist
would you please check instruction.
that is enough, stop it.
give me the opening stock price of infosys technologies today
olly will you stop.
select the item
remove emma's birthday from events
check instagram
dim the lights a bit
show me what lists are available
play checkers with me
set the time zone to g. m. t.
how much is a g. b. p. in u. s. d.
create a list of jewels to be bought
my list please
what is the best tasting cut of beef
give me all my lists
confirm a railway reservation ticket to california
find me a bar in cleveland open until two am
actually what is the life style of sahara desert
change the lights in my home to orange
can you give me the newest phone number for bobby mcgee
i need to change my house lights colour to blue
skip this one
brighten the lights
how do i cook meatballs
get me a coffee
do i have any new tweets
what does my facebook feed look like
do you want to play monopoly with me
convert one pound to us dollar
event remove
check stock prices on this
set coffee to brew at seven am
can you check and confirm my last command please.
lets play poker
rate u. s. d. to g. b. p.
make the lights in the house red
change your colors to something different
describe rock sand
turn the lights down to seven
does mary smith live on main street
status of weather
help me make brownies
tweet at quote unquote
please play forward episode in quantico
what's the latest in my social media
can you get me news from ny times
check email for otp sent by my bank
play hoizer radio station from my pandora app
anything is fine.
tweet to ikea costumer service the following i'm not happy with this new klm product
have i received any mail in the last hour
check and confirm what i said please.
where should i avoid this morning
louder volume please
control lights turn off room lights
i need the times for the south bound train on allison rd
what is the quickest way to my work downtown without hitting any traffic
give me some cafes near downtown fort lauderdale
yes it's confirmed.
can you brighten up the lights please
will i need sunblock this weekend
check and confirm the last thing said please.
set the living room lights to fifty percent
could you dim the lights
add a movie name to the wish list
make sound louder
switch off the light on the left
turn off on wemo outlet
i like you to confirm detail please.
is there a connecting train from london to paris and what time
please play the newest podcast
i like red colour for my home change it
make a list of all the halloween events going around in new york
check item five on my to do list
raise volume to level seven on music player
hi olly change the color of lights in my room to red
light up
anything new on insta
who sings the song about a long black train
can you change my time zone to central
mahaboobsayyad@gmail dot com
how do you describe a capabara
play the billboard top ten
play cindi's favorite podcast
olly please will you shut up.
how old was elvis when he died
i like you confirm details please.
decrease brightness of lights
search for trains leaving tonight for london
off lights
fresh list
buy a train ticket to
who is this
what events are scheduled for me to do today
time to hear me some blake shelton
this does not matter, olly.
can you make some coffee
i'd like a train ticket to this location
how much money will i make for the week if i make dollars per hour and work twenty hours
how long until we get to chicago
change the light color to black light
what is the stock information of walmart
make my iroomba clean the living room
unmute the speaker now
could you confirm the question please.
i want to know what song has the phrase stairway to heaven in it
carlos linux upgrade email
send a birthday email to my boss
please turn the lights off
show me all the emails received recently
set lights to twenty percent
olly please shut off.
please clean my shopping list
give me the shopping list
it's wonderful job, thank you very much.
run the robot vacuum cleaner
i need a coffee
please turn the lights up to eight
on the button of cleaner
olly i will talk to you later.
hey do i have any emails from bob about the bulldog
network podcast
what are the most recent headlines on cnn
house change all lights to blue
what movie is this song from
can you please turn off the lights in this room
i would not mind to select any one, olly.
please play next episode
start a grocery list
start podcast mlb daily
switch to night light setting
yeap it was correct.
turn socket off
give me the update on traffic at new york
turn on switch of wemo socket
are there any cooking classes nearby my area
complain to amazon customer service for me
It's too dark in here
tell me the recipe to cook pav bhaji
send an email to bill that i'm sorry i didn't realize he was so sick
please go to next date
set an alarm
find me any news from so clean the last six hours
please shut up.
i need you to add this email in my contacts
set an alarm forty minutes from now
yes perfectly.
any farm markets around with local products
i like you to confirm question please.
remove twenty fourth march meeting from schedule
set the volume to low
turn all lights on
start the vacuum at nine am
please increase volume
i do not care.
increase the bright of the light
please delete all my calendar events
tell to joe's email that come to my house in this moment i am alone
march fifth is john's birthday please place this on the calendar
send message via email
describe blanket
give some of delete in today events
please give me detail of o zaalima song
is it going to snow tonight
the current news
i need to know all of the emails from contact pertaining to subject
i need to book a train ticket from mumbai to goa
doesn't matter with me.
that's all, stop.
what are my newest emails
define oscillate
is there any traffic to work
describe the computer to me
turn the lights blue
turn the lights down in the living room
what is the time in india when the time in us is twelve pm
change color of the light to red outside the house
anything would be okay with me.
appreciated, that's nice.
any good bike shops in oxford
could you please check that.
yes the command was confirmed.
please tell me the chances of rain this week for zip code twenty nine thousand nine hundred and seventy eight
please give height of lindsey lohan
can you define this word
perfect work, you've done well, olly.
please turn up the volume to twenty one
it's useful,, olly.
remind me later
buy me a ticket to take the train to atlanta
what music genre do i listen to the most
how much is the euro worth versus us dollar
have the vacuum cleaner clean the room
i need to know about the height of mount everest
how old is cher
can you turn off one of my lights in my bathroom
if it's five am in berlin what time is it here
i wouldn't really bother, olly.
add a tab to the shopping list
turn on hall lights
Show geographic location of pyramids
don't really bother.
what's the exchange between u. s. d. and cad
what is the email sent by this contact read
what is the sensex and nifty points for today
any local news stories for my home city
delete my grocery list in my notes
what lists do i have queried
show current news from bbc
please play my cricket game
turn up the light
what time is twelve pm eastern time in pacific time
could you change the lights colour to green please
lets hear it from fm ninety six point five
please brighten the room
please slow down volume of speaker
what's the weather this week
hey olly on the twentieth clear my calendar
what are all my lists
check inbox for mail from sarah
what is recipe
start house cleaning
what's the answer to one plus one
currency exchange
book me a return trip from edinburgh to london by train
solution for eighty one divided by nine
please start vacuum cleaner
play the last next episode
show me this week's forecast
whats the stock price of apple
tell me the singer of this track
can you give me a recipe for homemade chicken noodle soup
clear all from my iphone
select and play only christian rock from one thousand nine hundred and ninety upwards
find ny train time
how is the current traffic between
turn on the tunes
tell about the origin of the word evolution
do i have any emails from katherine
book a first class ticket in the next train to miami
what's the meaning of rumplestiltskin
anything is okay for me.
tweet a complaint to local municipality
go to email compile
what's going around in the world these days
fight me in street fighter
can you adjust the lighting for me to be brighter
i would like you cancel it.
check currencies
how much is the us dollar versus the pound
What's playing
brightness ninety percent
switch on the radio
open terry's email
what are the coordinates of everest
post a new status on facebook saying that i am enjoying the nice weather
what list did i make today
please skip to the next song
please make a coffee
show me upcoming programmes on one hundred and five point one
please check recent emails from new contact
tell me what is the nicest place to go
how is traffic
add eggs to list
what is the status quo for traffic right now
tell me about alexander the great
please play podcasts on science
has the weather changed for wednesday at all
yeap right response.
play lady by kenny roger
convert new york time to london
when is the next lakers game
give me the definition of the word armor
make me some coffee
make my lights green
complain for cheating
where seth lives
you are awesome, i appreciate it.
remind me about the meeting
what is the title of this song and please shuffle songs from the artist that sang it
and the pound is doing how badly against the euro
fb stocks
confirm the question please.
make a meeting with friend
tune in to my favorite radio station please
can you set an alarm for seven am
google find and play florida georgia line the one with nelly
please turn off the lights
i'd like you to check and confirm last thing said please.
yeap you get your understanding exactly.
i want the light switched off can you do it for me
anything interesting happening next friday
please will you check last thing said.
please play clash of clans
remember this email
play the newest morning show podcast
which route has less traffic today
set my calendar for an alarm at five pm tuesday
it is unimportant for me, olly.
that's good one.
prepare a cup of coffee
please tweet a complaint about slow service at applebee's
olly please just stop.
hey olly make sure my calendar is completely clear tomorrow
what is the geographic info of a pop singer rahman
can you please check command.
mobile shop
how long do i chill an icebo pie
play this game with me
is there any train plying from pune to mumbai tonight
list out my upcoming events
define flabbergasted
yes you got command exactly.
tweet comcast and tell them that their service is down again
i want to know the stocks of amazon
queue up ymca
what is the square root of ten
remove the santana music list
tell my facebook group that i've arrived
buy a train ticket for one week from now from new york to las vegas nevada
what is the temperature in indianapolis indiana
you are helpful, appreciated.
please turn on the smart socket
what is the factorial of x
whats the weather like right now in new york
what is trending on twitter
whats the average temperature in mangalore for this week
remove eric name
how is it outside
please resume my music
what is my most played podcast
start the gilmore guys
great job, you have done well.
find my next event and delete it please
is my alarm set for seven am
let me know if i get a new personal message from martha on facebook today
how many lists are open
tell me about rock
calculate two plus 29
reply to the mail with the following content hello you
repeat the last song
is anything trending on social media today
prepare a new list
robot vacuum the hallway now
olly that is enough, cancel it.
change my music player volume to eighty percent
turn off lights in bedroom
current traffic
would you check what i said.
switch off the master's bedroom
could you check and confirm detail please.
re add eggs to the list
i'd like to send a reply
help me call james
search and play a radio station with news
send a tweet to amazon customer service that the package was delivered late
would you set the coffee maker running
can cats eat fish
what is the exchange rate of euro and dollar
its too bright in here
do i have any new emails in my inbox today
if i have fifty dollars and spend twenty four how many dollars will i have left
i don't mind for whatever.
tvs stock price
start play
please activate my vacuum to clean the living room
can you turn it up a little
quieter
give me the news
will you please check and confirm it.
that is unimportant to me, olly.
turn off kettle socket
is there anything i need to be aware of
convert twenty one thirty from gtm four to g. m. t. four thirty
get me tom's number
should i take my raincoat with me now
tell me about medieval war engines
i want a coffee
turn off socket
what are the top stories on cnn
turn the room light off
please find me the pe most recent news on
initiate to operate robot vacuum cleaner
how do i get to the grocery store
what's on the grocery list
do i have any off days this week
i want to hear this radio station now
how can i go from boston to new york by train
can you backward an episode in the podcast
set reminder notification for three o'clock
turn the lamp off
locate me the amazon restaurants
tell me what is on my calendar for tomorrow
what is nine time ten
political news of importance for the day
please increase the volume of the music hips don't lie
i want to drink the coffee that you made
please add this email to my contacts
raise the brightness of the lights
can you find the the preacher joe show on gospel radio
how far is france from miami
that's cool,.
did you add tomorrow's meeting to my calendar
give me the exchange rate between japanese yen and the australian dollar
what meetings do i have next thursday
which is the best place to visit in this month
hey please provide information about events by the end of the day
please check if there is a new email on the inbox
please open my contact list
find me a podcast on wrestling
light settings
switch to los angeles time
read my lists to me
create an email that needs to go out to my family
start playing my most recent podcast
what is the price of euro to u. s. d.
yeap you've got my instructions correcly.
find me a cheap train ticket for miamy
please reduce the sound
log a complaint about smart tv to sony customer service
please say the following on facebook
if i was in the eastern time zone what time would it be
send email to bro and say hi come down for dinner tonight
increase the brightness of the lights
olly please could you cancel.
please lower the speaker volume
repeat this list in random order
please lower the shuffle rate of hips don't lie
show me the stock price for google
stock please
when's mark lanegan's next album out
at one pm today start the robot vacuum cleaner
are there any interesting stuff happened today in my twitter
how is traffic in city
wake me up at ten
when is my next appointment and who do i contact to reschedule
turn off the room lights
show todays reminders
what's on the radio right now
turn the sound up
can you define conservative politics
please tell em the list of trains to chicago via california
i don't want eggs
play the latest games
what are the stock prices
can you play acoustic music with no commercials
can you speak louder
check my last post on facebook
turn on the roomba
pink is all we need
write down that i am going to meet with jenny on the third okay
cut wemo power please
tell me formula for area of circle
check time of kalka train from jodhpur station on monday
when is madonna's birthday
what is john doe's address
whats the definition of indignation
remove item three from the list
delete event for tuesday
go to the third episode of this podcast
what is a sphere
activate the robot vacuum
how much is ten dollars in euros
radio please
please tell me about our country latitude and longitude
make an alarm for three pm
i would love a less bright up room
please make the lights natural
no no turn it down
book for me a train ticket to washingdon dc
yeap correcly.
weather report of the week
show stock value of goog
start vacuuming
remove the guest list i created last week
olly i'd like you just cancel it.
please check and confirm the last thing said.
stop repeating this song
are there any traffic restrictions due to the president's visit
what's happening in world news today
how to go to multi specialty hospital
could you speak louder
book me a train ticket to newcastle
who was in the beatles
could you speak more softly
list to do
stock google find out
tweet consumer complaint
doesn't matter with me, olly.
can you look up and add john's old email to my contacts again
go to next episode
please create a new list
wouldn't really bother.
i need you to add gary's email to my favorites
open games
reach by mail to my family
convert one kilo to pound
send email to david davis email address
set up each day an alarm at ten time for my meal
appreciate your helping, olly.
what is the total of 500 and 23
ensure i have to get up at six in morning
give me some recipes for sheperds pie
set an alarm for ten o'clock tomorrow morning
remind me at the start of each month
initiate vacuum cleaner
are there any emails i haven't read yet
i would like you to check what last said please.
tell me all about hurricane
find me the local npr station
play bbc radio four
send a snotty tweet to bbc
make five coffee tell the coffee machine
delete all events for the next five days
kindly switch off the light in the drawing hall
what is my recent email activity
brew my coffee
navigation search
really i don't mind, olly.
please post happy birthday usa on my newsfeed
play any pop fm channel
fantastic response to command.
i don't like this light please show me other options
turn the smart plug on
can i get a recipe for tuna
get me the latest on current events going on in the world
how do i get to poughkeepsie from new york city
change the time zone from irish time zone to moscow time zone
alert me at three pm to goto the concert
whats my schedule today
has mike sent me an email
email james about the softball game james we need to get some refreshments before heading over
what are my plans for today
speak as loud as you can
turn up the sound
i challenge you to a game
don't mind.
do not mind to choose any one.
give me the description of a smartphone circuit
put pencil on a new grocery list
i would like you check detail please.
find a recipe that uses ground beef and zucchini
remember to put carrots in there
who is scheduled for tomorrow's meeting
have i received any emails since noon
tell me what's happening on instagram
what is the current weather in denver
hi olly post my last clicked photo on facebook with title marry christmas
run the vacuum cleaner
play national public radio
change that off the list
set list
confirm that my notification is set to remind me when i leave
reply back to this email
tag you're it
change my room lights to blue
make light color red
would not mind for any one.
what is the time difference between california and michegan
any one would be good to me.
raise volume
show me my social media notifications
please let me know where david is travelling
can you please give me john's email
set an alarm for five hundred and thirty
when was this song released
how much is ten euros in dollars
when was the last time that i spoke to john
within the past three months how many meetings did i have with mr richards
please start joe rogan podcast please
hi buddy send mail to my friend hellen regarding home builders are not accepted the offer
when was frank sinatra born
ten percentages of hundred
find the this week's news about emigration legislation in the us please
what is happening this weekend
i need an alarm for sunday at eight am can you please set one for me
is the largest ocean in the world the pacific
add mail id subject content
convert usa time in to indian time
speak all items for to day
calculate a close integral of exponential function from zero to five
create a list for the following
get the roomba to clean the kitchen
tell me the name of the song
cnn world news
what are the latest updates on my facebook account
lower battery consumption to save setting
directions to sainsburys
list the latest apple stock prices
how is the traffic on the i fifteen in las vegas today
is it true the gym is seven miles away
let me know when it is ten
switch off light
can you notify the event in my calendar
i need an email to be sent to comcastcom about my service issues
you have done command exactly.
schedule dinner with sara and jamie
hi what kind of pictures you uploaded in pinterest
who sings this
play episode ten in the podcast
make lights brightener
find me the perfect girlfriend
i need you to say that last information again but much louder
is the sun gonna shine in devon this weekend
romantic light setting please
did any emails come for me in the last five hours
brew some coffee
tell me what's going on with facebook
play my usher radio station
can you check the facts on this issue
can you book me a train ticket to boston for next tuesday
what's next song on my playlist
select shuffle all
change channel to one hundred and three
remove this list from the others
play neil sedaka
move to next episode
add apahelp@yahoo dot com to my contacts
what time will it be locally at nine am bangalore india time
who sings this song
read me back whats on my shopping list
please set the brightness of lightness appropriately in kitchen
play my favorite station
how much is an euro worth
what is the fastest route to town
get the roomba to clean up
olly brighten the lights
what is the latest news on sprint
outside traffic status please
what is the time difference between pacific and central
replay my last played podcast
what's the sum of the two numbers four and six
add this email to a new contact
notify me an hour before my two pm appointment at the car dealership
write this complaint to comcasts customer service twitter
i want volume on my speakers
please switch off on the wemo plug socket
delete all my events for tomorrow
count the number of food items on the list
please shut off.
what is one plus one
what is the recipe for apple pie
let me hear that podcast
please will you confirm command.
add ketchup to the list
i want you confirm that please.
what train companies are near me
play the bob and tom show
please check the traffic to the home
please start the vacuum
please post so bored to facebook
is there any new email
where is place
try to play old nineties classic music
what is the traffic like right now
yes exact response.
that's helpful, thank you very much.
what on my calendar
add paper towels to the grocery list
calendar event send invite bill malinda
turn the wemo off
i want to turn on the robot vacuum cleaner
open chess app and begin game
could you please check and confirm my last command.
will the weather be bad on Sunday
show me my lists
yeap.
remind me to call my grandma this Sunday
shuffle song
how can i contact this person
i like you check and confirm last thing i said please.
how much is one u. s. d. in inr
change the plan of meeting
what is the capital of china
where is the statue of liberty located
what is a peso worth in dollars
what is this thing
set a reminder i need to wake up at five am every morning
name stores within ten mile radius with music
what is the exchange rate between us and canada
play music i have liked
display recent email from john
give me the weather for merced at three pm
please speak loud
tell me what a freeway is
please remind me for the function at miami tomorrow
add new items in the remainder list
what is the seattle city council doing about homelessness
search for a train ticket to newcastle
how many countries are in europe
show me all the shops that i can find in milan
switch the lights off
how many cm make one foot
remind me to meet joe for lunch tomorrow
please clear my calendar
delete my meeting for one pm on march nineteenth
what's john's home phone number
how bad is the traffic on sunset boulevard
how many pounds would i get for dollars
make me coffee in five minutes
describe a romantic love
find my wife
yes you have understood my instructions perfectly.
where is the best place to buy party supplies in town
Check outlook
would you confirm the last thing i said please.
yeah you have got your understanding perfectly.
can you please create a list for me
let me know the latest weather news
dentist appointment today at nine am
add newscast time to daily schedule
hey turn on disco lights in my apartment and let the party begin
on mobile charger plug
turn off the lamp socket
switch on smart plug
please change light color to purple
do i have a party tomorrow save on my calendar
how much australian dollars one can buy for one pound sterling
can you confirm instruction.
dim the lights please
find me new comments from my facebook
how much is five dollars worth in euros
what's going on in the world these days
what is the weather forecast for chicago
how about a game of snakes and ladders
please check and confirm the command.
what is on the agenda for the four pm meeting with joe
i need to submit a complaint
yeah you get it perfectly.
what's happening in my social media
awesome work, you've done well.
i need you to turn off the light of my bed room
pull up all emails sent to me from amazon
check all the new them emails and mark them star
what's the rate between the u. s. d. and ukraine's currency
what is the size of the united states
you've gotten my instructions exactly.
hello you have a send an email to someone
add this new email with contact
stock market
i want coffee from the machine
remove the sms recipient which have initials s
brighten up the room
delete the list item about the meeting
please adjust the speakers to a lower more comfortable level
yeah wonderful response to command.
skip to next
give me all ice cream shops within two miles
how much is amazon stock
wouldn't really mind to choose any one, olly.
write a tweet of complaint about my tv to samsung
please speak up
this is unimportant for me.
play hot ninety seven
please will you just cancel.
can you turn off the lights
i would like to place a call to amazon customer service
put poker face by lady gaga next in the play queue
please turn off the lights in this room
exchange rate for converting ten dollar to euro
how many dollars is in pounds
what cd is this song on
tell me about the cheapest flight fares to nj today
play podcast one
what will be the weather update for monday noon
remove all the events and schedules
down
it's amazing.
what would be the exchange rate of currency in japan
have i received any emails from my father
paper scissors or stone
all rccg march event is to be added to my calendar
i want to book a train ticket
play for me hip hop music
that would be all.
i need to hear the volume of the current music
please check last thing said.
please give me detail one dollars equals rs
what is the news today
the time difference between lagos and new york is what
are there any unread messages in my inbox
what's the latest on the travel ban
can the lights be turned up
what and how is india's economy at the moment
let's play a game of trivia
tell me my lists
what are the steps for biriyani meal
you rock, musch appreciated.
please run the vacuum cleaner
book me a train ticket at earliest time tomorrow
directions to virginia beach va
get news from bbc
please can you check and confirm what just said.
update the calendar with the last event removed
is it going to rain on monday
add new songs to playlist
remove the last item
tweet a complaint to amazon about late shipment
what time is the train to san francisco due
read me new post on my feed
cease operating lights
read email
what is the definition of god
what will be the weather on monday this week
open social media account
please negative response tweet on daikin service
what did i put down already on the walmart list
fix an alarm
give me the list of all events coming up in the next month and set notifications for all of them
dim the lights in the living room
please find a mail address of manoj and tell me
yeap that's right.
when is the school dance junction marked
you should reply to the mail
delete all lists
where am i supposed to be by this time tomorrow
where do people shop for clothes here
delete the item two from the list
olly could you stop.
don't bother, olly.
how much indian rupees per u. s. d. today
find tacos near my home
jump to the next podcast
email happy new year to john
can you play the next podcast
open chess game
please put this playlist on shuffle
start a pot of coffee please
tell apple in a tweet that their batteries don't hold enough charge
go back
what does session mean
get rid of tax list from nineteen ninety
can you tell me what the items on my grocery list are
add a new contact for daniel bell dbell@aol dot com
how many likes did i get today
locate information on john smith about his work location
what is one dollar in euros
every light of room increase its intensity
open irctc application and go to book ticket
what was the first car made
where is a petrol station in five mile radius
please check and tell me where is the location of toms new business
i'd like you just cancel.
anyone for tennis
can you delete the doctors appointment i had Tuesday
give me a geographic fact about vilnius
whats the schedule for today
please add shopping at mall on twenty six march at twelve pm
mary's contact number
trash the open list google
what new posts are on my page
how's the weather like in beijing
wake me up at seven am
how do i prepare all my food for cooking
what is my wife's email
make new list
find me the distance and direction by train to rccg in ikoyi lagos
can you please shut up.
please play michael jackson album
please can you stop it.
set the music volume to ninety
can you help me find the answer to this question
display volume strength on current track
i like you to check it please.
brighten my bedroom light
make a new list for school supplies
book me a train ticket to new york city on the third i don't care what time
what's the latest on stock market
tell me about my upcoming week
play football news from radio one
make me a cooled coffee
remove dust with vacuum cleaner
do i need a light or heavy jacket today
you have done it correctly thanks, olly.
yeap correct response to the command.
here's an email address
is anything different today about blank
what is the population of florida
play song aces high
how many rivers are there in europe
is snap doing good after the ipo
set my alarm for six thirty in the morning tomorrow
tell me the area code for jen k
what pubs are close
how many cups in a quart
remove the event from monday
play super mario brothers game with me
What's close by for dinner
i challenge you to a game of tic tac toe
did i leave the light on in the garage
what is the difference between yesterday's and today's stock prices for walmart
what will be the temperature today for miami florida
please make me coffee without sweetener
what is the answer to two times three
can you turn my bathroom lights off
am i going to need a jacket tomorrow
olly that will be all.
are there any new emails received after four o'clock today
read to me the last messages in my feed
how much time is a train to there
the meeting with justin and katrina has been changed put it on thursday
please add an email for john doe to my contacts johndoe@yahoo dot com
add new email address
latest updates on syrian civil war
hey turn on your reminders for tomorrow's meeting at ten am
can you shut up please.
how will be the weather at night
would you please shut down.
turn office lights off
what is on my playlist of movies on the the dvr
book a train ticket from canada to las vegas
what's happening with the hurricane in the gulf
play me the latest podcast about online surveys
how do i reach sarah
i want to know the procedure of making thanksgiving turkey in five sentences
please dim the lights in the bedroom
lower the volume to twenty
turn off the fan
delete all the events of today
how to make chicken tikka
crabmeat recipe
play npr on this station
weather like
play me john's podcast
create an alarm for six am
get rid of mike stein from contacts list
make a repeating reminder for tomorrow
send an email and save the contact information for samuelwaters@hotmail dot com
what is motorola going for today
list new emails
Is it going to be windy on Saturday in denver
how many pesos to an american dollar
is the thanks giving event on fourteenth of this month true
when indianapolis express will reach indiana
what is bob stevens phone number it is in my contacts
i would like to know the latest from nbc news
transportation ticket booking train
put sam@gmail dot com in my email contacts list
how old is carrie underwood
please lower the lights
you are my hero, appreciated.
wake me up at five hundred and thirty
set an alarm for seven am
how does merriam webster define ultra
what's his number
what's happening in news express
turn off the lamps
that is helpful, thanks.
please let me know when is sam's birthday
has wendy posted on facebook
did trey sand any messages
that is of no importance for me, olly.
create a new list for me please
what is the birthday of hemingway
give me train times from station to location
is there anything i need to know before i activate the robot vacuum cleaner
remove mike stein from contacts list
is mary's birthday party tonight
set on second january about soccer match of manchester
how far away is the sun
send email new address
do i have the address for the apple store in my contacts
current price of google please
tweet insight cable's customer service and tell them i have been waiting on hold for thirty minutes
reset my locations list
what type of cheese do i need for my enchiladas
play game
where's the best and most affordable place to stay in san diego
lower audio
to do list for today please
remind me to go grocery shopping today
have bing's stocks dropped
who is the song writer
i need the volume to be louder
just stop please.
what did apple stock close at yesterday
want to play a game with me
what was the last thing my mom said
you are my hero, thank you, olly.
comcast sucks put that on their twitter account
bring up facebook and wish a happy birthday to the country usa
switch on the wemo plug
scan my inbox for any new emails from robert
where a good restaurant
what is starbuck's stock worth
decrease volume to very soft
next episode of nyt podcast
co play game monopoly
do i need pants
what's one plus one
i need to put together a todo list for work
hey ms the email address of john miller
what is the exchange rate of rupee for dollar
commence coffee making
how is the stock going in general
i want you just stop it.
can you play a game with me
open the contact alex in phonebook
get me to my friends list
yeap amazing response to the command.
please indicate the opening price of fra stock
did the price of walmart stock go up or down
shut off the lights in the bedroom
when is stassi schroedder's birthday
yeap you have got my instructions perfectly.
email tom the date and time of tomorrow's meeting
please describe an elephant to me
how about playing a game of guess the word i'm thinking of
send email to family and tell them to bring the bug spray before coming to the park
turn up the speakers
turn the volume down a little please
turn off the dining room
add something@gmail dot com to my contacts
tell me my choices for a good steak restaurant near here
well done, thank you so much.
tell me amd stock prices
what bars are around me
what are the ingredients necessary
send new email to jana dot litt at gmail dot com
hey olly chance the current light settings
how many cups of sugar in texas sheet cake frosting
delete the famous actors list
fantastic response to the command.
check that.
on the music player set the volume level at sixty
look for different recipes
when does the last train from work leave
find john smith from alabama
what is the latest news from cbs
coffee
can you tell me the cheapest place to get ground beef
remove the item from list
what is frieda's home address
next one please
it's dirty here make some noise
where do cows come from
get the cleaning on
will you put on the music
play football match for myself now
buy me a train ticket
how much is fifty us dollars with in china
have i gotten any mail recently
start vacuum
do you know the name of the song that is playing
what is the most current exchange rate in china
lessen the speaker volume
yeap amazing response to command.
please set an alarm for tomorrows meeting at seven am
social info
play music from where you left off
turn up the lights in the living room
would you cancel it please.
switch off the wemo plug socket
yeah you did it exactly.
clean the floor
tweet error log to samsung
kill item
how long does it take to get from here to chicago by train
please put radio in shuffle
did dan send me any emails
what is the track information currently
what is the fastest way to get to starbucks
show me today all train times of next two hours at jodhpur to pali
remove father's day from calendar
show me cooking websites
olly please could you shut up.
it would be nice if you post status for me
can you get me a cup of coffee
that does not matter for me, olly.
in my calendar delete all of my golf events for the current month
do you have the mailing address for the electric company
what is the list about my favorite songs
play me some melody song
can i get a cup of coffee
please don't shuffle songs in music player just playing continuously
what new messages do i have
turn off lights in all bathrooms
you've done that correctly thank you very much.
raise lights to full power
set alarm for tomorrow at two pm
increase the volume of the left speaker by ten
please check and confirm command.
brew coffee
define elaborate
add dale@gmail dot com to my contacts
turn off the light in the living room
i need to make a list
what is the currency conversion charges applicable
wake me up at time
turn down the speakers
what is the traffic like now
i want all my events deleted
please let me know the time of train northern rail
you have done it perfectly.
please proceed to the next available rock song
how was the traffic now
where is my meeting at nine am
read list for me please
give me recipes
minimize the lights
which restaurant is there in shivaji nagar
does my calendar say i'm free on april one two thousand and seventeen
make list
directions to nearest apple store
what is traffic
tell me the name of this music
has anyone follow me today on twitter today
whats the dow jones at today
erase shopping list
play my rock station on pandora
turn all lights off during the day
do i need a rain coat today
check all new emails in my inbox
turn on the lights that are outdoors
yeap you've gotten my instructions perfectly.
what is the route to the closest mcdonalds
please turn off the lamp
i need to buy a train ticket
hurriedly activates my robot vacuum cleaner
i want to know the result of twenty is to two
can you set the living room lights to pink
look up the number of people living in miami florida
show me the recipe for cookies
i'm looking for a casual restaurant for a dinner date
change the lights of the house to a blue hue
i want to slow down my speaker
i don't need the shopping list delete it
give me the exchange rate between united states dollar and canadian dollar
how is the traffic on third street
give me the details on purchase order
new messages
how do i cook a meatloaf
turn corner light on
lower volume
refer the stock price of hdfc
next episode
please turn the music up
what's the latest news about us election
any sport event is on my list
find me the smallest coffee shop in new orleans
please tell me what is the stock price of dew in ny market
list all emails with subject contract
erase my appointment with ted
did mike send me an email
could you please tell me the meaning for the item laptop
can you speak a little louder
what does formidable mean
i'm not doing thing this week
can you create new list for me
create a new list of my due bills
what is the weather like in grand rapids mi
start and email to john smith
please set the lights off in the living room
search for local shops
turn my bathroom plug socket on
what is the answer to that question
order a latte from starbucks
alter lunch event to repeat every friday
what is the exchange rate between the us and canada
play the radio station
please change the light colors to red
reserve a train ticket for me today to des moines
is there any chinese places in benton ar
can you speak quieter please
google the word
please play trivial pursuit with me
i want you check the last thing i said please.
what is the highest mountain in the world
schedule a lunch meeting with brent on Wednesday at noon
what is my most played song
that is good.
send a tweet to apple that their batteries drain too fast
open calendar schedule event meeting
what's the recipe for fish soup
weather this week
find jazz music on my playlist
turn on vacuum
other songs by this artist
i need more milk
what is the best italian restaurant around here
i need to get to bristol Friday night can you book me a ticket please
yeap great response.
delete that item from the list
please remove tricep pulldown from my workout list
play the college baseball game
what are some good restaurants near by
how smooth is marble floor
i need some coffee made
if it is twelve hours ahead of eastern standard centaur time what's the time in the philippines now
what is a banana
i cup of joe would be nice right now
that does not matter.
what is the news today in polk county florida
can you tell me the next scheduled event
where is a good place to eat in seattle
tune into the joe rogan show in ten minutes
in every three hours give me my facebook update
olly i would like you just stop it.
tweet my complaint to @nsa
is the weather bad in new york right now
delete my next meeting
define god
could you please confirm the instruction.
let's hear ninety two point one
turn on alarm thirty minutes before liverpool started to play
please wake me up at seven thirty am
play next doctor who episode
please adjust the colors in my lights
what are the train times between eight am and ten am at east chicago station going west on sunday
i want you to play the podcast
change my light color to yellow
thanks for your answers.
enable my plug
can you pull up a recipe for spaghetti
what's the stock of apple
can you tell me about my meetings next week
look up what this word means
open up a new list
change my room lights to some romantic colour
shut the lights off in my bedroom please
which new emails were received
direction to local train station
it's dark in the living room
open pandora and play top hits
in the following week repeat this event at ten am every day
please find the radio station currently playing howard stern
how many mega pixel is listed in the description of the canon
what is the price of apple stock today
answer email
automobiles
turn off lighting
would you shut off.
i have a complaint
did bert write me today
Set a alarm for the day
what is the definition of inchoate
what does tacobell stand for
that's good one, thank you very much, olly.
book a train ticket for tomorrow going to new york
talk to you later.
on Tuesday what is the weather supposed to be
did i get an email from jen last night
would you confirm last thing i said please.
wouldn't really care.
start house cleanup
show me my contacts
confirm my last command please.
remove chores from my to do list
how long should the drive to work take
has anything happened to mass effect
read me the front page of the new york times
can you send an email for me to a new email address
customer service complaint
hi google play me playlist wacky in my gaana application
decrease the volume to ten percent
i need the lights in here to be turned up to seven
play episode two of the intern
i want to listen to the bob and tom show
what is six times sixty eight
please check and repeat this song one time more
let's play our favourite football match on tv
head lines today from news
where can i go shopping here
change light whenever i find myself in my house
are there any recent emails from rohit
start vacuum cleaner now
change the color of my porch lights to green
give me the exchange rate between united states dollar and indian rupee
can you get me a train ticket to nyc
please tweet about the problem i m facing with the product of company
please add sugar to my grocery list
please can you check and confirm the details.
can you turn the lights up
turn on the lights
tell me the exchange rate of rupee for dollar
show me the posts of my friends in the last hour
do i have anything planned for the twenty first
please turn bedroom lights off
turn wemo plug socket on
how much is starbuck's stock these days
add item
skip to the next song
go back to the last episode in this podcast
give me the list of available train tickets from edinburgh to leeds
please set the lights to green
brighten the lights in living room
let me hear some music
i'd like you confirm it please.
make curser adjustable position
tell me the street address of my facebook friend george
turn off the wemo plug
tweet complaint to dominoes
how is it outside today
olly would you shut up.
would you please check it.
video games
do a coffee for me please
give me the number to mom
remove a list of accessories purchase last week
play my first favorite song on loop
what times may i travel to location a
open my notes
olly will you please shut down.
will i need my snow boots this afternoon
take grocery buying off of the list
please let me know the exchange rate between indian rupees and us
what is a good way to make steak
please have vacuum go for one hour
change to blue
blue lights please
hey i need you to make a list of cricket players of indian team who played for the international team in two thousand and fourteen
may you please pull up information about a contact
stock up or down for walgreens
what is the temperature
save this email in my contact for future use
olly shuffle playlist
what is left for today
what is the deepest point on earth
who sing we are the world
can you start the vacuum
what's the name of this song
how soon can we expect rain
have any emails come in since four hundred today
is mary smith in my contacts list
play r and b
tweet something for me
what is the yen us dollar exchange rate
does pink have a new baby
find me info on cars
podcast play
turn the light off in the living room
do i have an email from person a
book train best deal
can to please clear my calendar of all events
let me know the recipe for preparing pasta
what does snafu mean
will you look up joe's contact information for me
what is a stock price of tata
turn on wfrn ninety nine point one
what is the answer to two plus two
lower lights please
describe the statue of liberty
can you please turn up the lights
yeap you've gotten the command correcly.
get me a train ticket to go to
can you book a train ticket
can you shuffle the light colors in the house
any one will be okay with me, olly.
make the lights pink at the house
could you turn off light
take out event from calendar
how many people live in los angeles
go back to previous episode of podcast
equalize the bass of this music
remove that from my list
what does one plus
lower the lights in bedroom two
reply to john's email today saying i will be late
from where can i get a train ticket for athens
make a reservation for two at olive garden
what's the traffic on eighty today
that's nice job, thank you so much.
show all emails regarding the breach
new exchange rate
what size is a sperm whale
format data from calendar
please could you check question.
change alarm to start at midnight
find the sum of thirteen and fourteen
olly could you please shut up.
what is available in your stock of lists
how bad is traffic this morning
can you reserve a ticket to grand rapids by train
i would like orange lights now
check by inbox for me
check what said.
repeat jazz
when is boy band playing
forward email
i would like you to check and confirm detail please.
radio play nine hundred and eighty nine please
how to cook crabs
we're out of paint so take bathroom painting off the list
i want some coffee
what is the exchange rate as of today
wine shop
save this email in contact
give me a description of iron fist on netflix
add wine to list
dim the lights in the hall
start the radio
start radio and go to frequency on nine hundred and forty three
any important notifications
make my coffee
please create a list of due payment those who not received more then ten months
how do i bake a potato
lower the lighting
enable wemo
check emails
was there any articles on shark attacks on snapchat yesterday
clean my entire calendar
begin vacuuming
i want to hear play that funky music
can you find and tell me the prices of facebook stock
system please dim lights to dull blue
please remove march nineteenth's scheduled event
where is the closer starbucks
add to calendar an medical appointment for the first day of the next five months
how do i contact charles
compare the stock prices for nintendo and sony and tell me which ones are better
please turn the lights up
can you start ryan seacrest
show me some food court nearest to my location
play ping pong
set alarm at nine am on next sunday
whats the best way to france
hey i want to get trains to manchester on Wednesday
you've gotten your understanding correcly.
send email to newmail@gmail dot com
prepare some cups of coffee for us
is calendar event true
how much yens per u. s. d. today
make some coffee
where is the nearest atm machine
get me a train ticket from mumbai to goa
lower the lights in the house please
can you please turn off the wemo plug socket
give me today's market trends for panasonic
how far is orlando from my house
delete the last line
thank you, olly.
what is the home phone number of mark
give me details of my twitter handle profile including the total number of followers
new reminder at three pm
what's the best pizza shop nearby
when is shakira's birthday
is it going to be cloudy in london during the weekend
yeah it's good.
add eggs to the list
turn on the plug
can you add a new email to my contacts
how to cook yellow rice
it is of no importance, olly.
please can you confirm details.
outlet on
play compassionate cook episode twenty three
abolish an item from list
is bills pager number in my contacts
switch lights to dim red
initiate the music on the electronic playlist
vacuum on
delete call newspaper from my vacation list
when is my next appointment with dr smith
do not really care.
please make me a cup of coffee
can you please switch off the lights
solve the calculation
is it bumper to bumper
yeap perfect.
u. s. d. to g. b. p.
i need you to have the volume louder
i would love the wemo socket to not be active right now
hotel california is sung by whom
brighten of lights in living room
give me the train time
please update me on my social media accounts
solve this equation one plus one
i would have avoided the traffic if i went early
turn bedroom lights off
bed room two darken
train leaving
yeah you did the command correcly.
clear my next event
how many notifications do i have on facebook
ticket for delhi
complain to philips
why did bob dylan earn a nobel peace prize
lindafancy55@gmail dot com
meaning of enthusiastic
